Non-Habitat	"The larva spins several leaves to make a nest, in which it rests"
Habitat	Tropical hardwood hammock openings and edges.
Habitat	"Old fields, bluffs, juniper forests, and breaks."
Non-Habitat	FWL:21-23 mm
Habitat	Yehl Skipper is… found in only a few canebrakes
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, flower gardens, irrigation levees, usually in low, moist areas.Males perch close to the ground in swales or open weedy areas."
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	"Subalpine or arctic forest openings and arctic tundra.Adults will fly through shade in open forest, whereas most other sulphurs avoid flying through shade."
Non-Habitat	The larvae often spin leaves together with silk threads in the manner favoured by some moths. 
Habitat	"Open, subtropical woods."
Habitat	Fields and sunny areas near coast.
Habitat	"mountains and taiga Tundra in valleys, subalpine forest, and openings in coniferous forest."
Non-Habitat	23-31 mm (7/8-1 3/16 inches)
Habitat	"Hardwood hammocks in  Fla., riverforests in lowland tropics.Usually seen perched head down on tree trunks with wings closed."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 36-40mm
Habitat	Openings and glades in subarctic woodlands[image] Found in sunlit openings in forests or along streams.
Habitat	Sometimes they can be found resting outdoors on walls or among plants during the daytime.
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Non-Habitat	"This butterfly is found in the Eastern Cape, Natal, Transvaal, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and ranges to equatorial Africa. "
Habitat	Residential areas and gardens.
Habitat	"Mesquite thorn scrub, town gardens, and waste areas"
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, roadsides, pastures, marshes, and similar situations."
Non-Habitat	Resident [of the Carolinas];  the Dotted Skipper is typically rareand highly localized within the eastern Carolinas.
Habitat	Subtropical thornscrub.
Non-Habitat	Flies slowly
Non-Habitat	"Males fly very close to the ground, their flight somewhat slower and more fluttering than that of the Dingy Grass-skipper."
Non-Habitat	"The tip of a leaf was cut off to make a cylindrical nest, in which the larva, in the 1st instar, was found"
Habitat	"In Illinois generally found in areas that are damp, along railroads in low damp areas, in wet or marshy areas, and near streams. males selecting spots with low vegetation"
Non-Habitat	"Univoltine, from mid May to late July; occasionally bivoltine in the south and in warm years. "
Habitat	"Open, sunny, weedy environments."
Habitat	Disturbed habitats at low to moderate elevations.
Non-Habitat	"The female does not lay its eggs directly onto the foodplant, but lays one by one on a dead grass or dead twig nearby."
Habitat	"Overgrown fields, coastal hammocks, edges."
Habitat	Forest edges.
Non-Habitat	23-27 mm
Non-Habitat	16-21 mm
Habitat	"Sagebrush flats and hills, high prairie with mixed conifers."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Habitat	"Most are woodland species,though some can be found in gardens, even in urban areas. The group is largely nocturnal and will come freely to lights,though a small number are diurnal and are to be sought along wood land trails or around bogs and fens."
Non-Habitat	"The males are quite pugnacious, darting out at passing females and other males"
Habitat	" open, disturbed sites including roadsides,vacant lots and old fields; "
Non-Habitat	28-30 mm
Non-Habitat	Eggs are glued to host leaves
Non-Habitat	"The caterpillars live and feed within rolled leaf shelters on various species of legumes, especially those related to the Common Bean."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Open oak woodland in canyons with stands of Parry's agave.Adults sip moisture from mud or sand along streamcourses.
Habitat	Damp grassy areas near streams.
Habitat	Open woods or forest edges.
Habitat	found primarily in arid habitats throughout the Northern Hemisphere.
Habitat	Tropical woods.
Habitat	"Alpine tundra, dry hills and flats, subalpine meadows, bog edges."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	47-57 mm
Non-Habitat	"Gillies (1982) found this species just once in the Gambia, “flitting along emergent vegetation in the early morning along riverine swamps�. The species is on the wing only when the grass is green and on home ground the males fly around the grass rather slowly, often settling with the wings held open in the typical Hesperiine manner, making a pleasing contrast in green and orange. They can fly as fast as the other Borbo if need be."
Habitat	richest in the tropics
Non-Habitat	"Single males are found sunspotting two metres or so above the ground inside high forest, occasionally making a quick investigative flight."
Non-Habitat	50-65 mm.
Non-Habitat	The larva lives in shelters formed by spinning a broad leaf of grass or several smaller ones together. The larva ejects its excrement pellets from the shelter with a flick of the hindquarters to a distance of up to 20 cm from the shelter. This seems to be means of avoiding parasitoids that locate their prey through smelling the larval frass.
Habitat	"[image] Adults are found only in forests near their caterpillar host Switch Cane.Usually dense moist woods near periphery of large swamps, but dense upland forests in s. Appalachians."
Habitat	found primarily in arid habitats throughout the Northern Hemisphere.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Second-growth woods, deciduous woodlands, edges, wooded swamps, and pine barrens."
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.6"" (2.5-4.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	both male and female fly briskly
Non-Habitat	"Burundi-Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Lake Kivu, Rwenzori; Rwanda- Mt Sabinio; Uganda- Echuya, Mafuga, Mt Rwenzori, Rwoho"
Habitat	"Subtropical scrub, woodland edges, and brushy fields"
Non-Habitat	"The caterpillar of the Californian subspecies of S. columella, S. c. istapa Reakirt, has been reared on the common Malva, although the eggs were laid on Sida hederacea, a plant of a genus that also occurs in the West Indies."
Habitat	"Both our species are strong fliers, usually found flying high over the canopy or along rivers.  Adults may occasionally be seen visiting moist sand along rivers or streams."
Habitat	"Open, moist situations amid arid zones."
Non-Habitat	"These butterflies are usually low down, which makes confusion on the wing with Tagiades flesus difficult."
Non-Habitat	60-70 mm.
Habitat	"A variety of open habittits, alfalfa fields, lawns, fields, road edges."
Habitat	Chihuahuan Desert scrub.
Habitat	shale barrens scattered along the Appalachians
Non-Habitat	45-55 mm.
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Found throughout the prairie grasslands and more locally in the aspen parklands north to the boreal forest near Redwater. Isolated populations occur in the Peace River region, mostly along the Peace River. Adults occur in prairies, grassy valley sides, aspen parkland and sand dune areas in the boreal forest."
Non-Habitat	Tanzania- Lake Tanganyika shore; Uganda- Kibale
Non-Habitat	65-85 mm
Habitat	Subtropical scrub.
Non-Habitat	"May - July; single generation;  Univoltine (only one brood per year)over its entire range, the tiny white eggs overwinterand hatch the following spring."
Habitat	" Thofybes pylades adults may be found in and along the edges of poplar forests and pine forests, along prairie streams and even in badlands coulees"
Habitat	Edges and openings in semideciduous tropical river forests.
Non-Habitat	Total length 4-5mm
Habitat	"Stream edges, bogs, roadsides, open fields."
Habitat	"Stream courses, dry gulches. city parks.[image] Males perch and patrol along stream-courses, washes, or small clearings."
Non-Habitat	95-110 mm
Non-Habitat	this butterfly often flies high above tree canopies of evergreen broadleaf forest
Non-Habitat	It is more often attractedto flowers than C. pomona
Habitat	"Meadows, sagebrush flats, grassy hillsides, prairies."
Non-Habitat	37-42 mm
Non-Habitat	Foul smell. The toxins come from the plants that the caterpillars fed upon.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	in this species.Rapid flight but settles quickly on the ground if the sun istemporarily obscured by cloud
Non-Habitat	3 5/8 - 4 1/2 in. (92-116 mm)
Non-Habitat	58-65 mm
Non-Habitat	80-100 mm.
Non-Habitat	34-44 mm
Habitat	"open, disturbed sites including roadsides, oldfields, fallow agricultural land, pastures, utility easements and gardens"
Habitat	" hardwood forests, stream margins and woodedswamps; Restricted to the shady confinesof hardwood forests and wooded swamps, it occurs inhighly localized populations in close association withits sole larval host;  Adults frequently perchon broad sunlit leaves but seldom venture into nearbyopen landscapes."
Non-Habitat	" 1.25-1.90"" (3.2-4.8 cm)"
Non-Habitat	29-38 mm
Habitat	isolated pine barrensPine-oak barrens in East
Non-Habitat	Se Canada and ne.U.S
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	" A butterfly of open, sunny habitats, the Clouded Sulphur can be commonlyencountered. It is generally most abundant in commercial clover or alfalfa fields, where it may occasionallybecome a serious pest.;  open, sunny sites including roadsides, fields,alfalfa fields, parks, vacant lots, pastures, gardens"
Habitat	"Open marshes, swamps, bogs, wet meadows.The larval hosts grow in bogs, sloughs, wet meadows, and marshes, thus limiting the habitat available to the species. Adults do not wander far from the larval hosts. It does not wander from its wet boggy, marshy, or swampy habitats."
Habitat	"Moist pastures, marshes, hog edges, damp meadows."
Habitat	"Tropical forest edges near rivers and streams, occasionally dry desert-like situations."
Non-Habitat	28-33 mm
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16-17 mm
Habitat	"Open areas along trails through tropical and subtropical forests, brush, and associated edges."
Non-Habitat	26-36 mm (1-1 7/16 inches)
Habitat	Our Asterocampas usually live in forests or along rivers. When they wander they may be found in cities or suburbs.often perch very high on branches of their host trees.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"[image] often found in gardens and fields.Open, disturbed areas: landfills, lawns, pastures, roadsides."
Habitat	At home in the tropical thorn-scrub forest or in city gardens. Often seeks shade and shelter on the underside of leaves.
Non-Habitat	"Food plants found on Cape York Peninsula and in the Wet Tropics, Queensland. Very local."
Habitat	Openings in moist montane coniferous forests. This fritillary is relatively uniform and occupies similar habitats throughout its range.
Habitat	Open areas near woods or scrub.
Habitat	" open sites in or near woodlands including clearings, trails, old fields, pastures and forest margins"
Non-Habitat	"A few are persistent migrants, with B. aurota and B. creona sometimes moving in ""snow-storm"" numbers."
Non-Habitat	It  flies  low  and fast.
Non-Habitat	"The adult flies slowly, and visits flowers for nectar. "
Non-Habitat	30-36 mm
Habitat	"Chaparral, conifer, mixed-conifer forests, pine-oak woodlands.Males perch on hilltops or along ridges to await receptive females for mating."
Non-Habitat	Tanzania (National endemic)- Mbizi
Non-Habitat	The male shows hilltopping behavior.
Habitat	Brackish Sawgrass marsh.
Non-Habitat	"There are five larval instars, all cryptic, closely resembling the tan or brownish dead leaves that are usually present among the living green leaves. Each larva constructs a shelter composed of several leaves fastened together by silken threads Very often a larva will select the tan-colored leaf sheath present on the cane stem where a new branch has grown. The color of the larva is very close to that of the leaf sheath, thus providing some protection against discovery by predators. Larvae leave the shelter at night to feed. After feeding the larva returns to the shelter, remaining there during the day. Pupation is within the shelter"
Habitat	Adults tend to remain in close association with their larval hosts
Non-Habitat	"Slow, graceful flight"
Habitat	Open oak woodland in canyons with stands of Parry's agave.Adults sip moisture from mud or sand along streamcourses.
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	53-67 mm
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Non-Habitat	"Adults feed readily from flowers, including Senecio and Conostylis. "
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in Eastern Transvaal, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and ranges to tropical Africa."
Non-Habitat	Exceedingly fast flight
Habitat	A common species restricted to forests.
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, oldfields, pastures, roadsides."
Habitat	"Lowland forest edges, valley bottoms."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Non-Habitat	"Within a few days [after hatching], larva spins together the edges of a leaf blade to construct a protective tube from which it emerges to feed; Pupation occurs in a silk cocoon enclosed within a tent of leaves at the base of the foodplant."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 14-17mm
Non-Habitat	"The egg and the newly hatched larva were on the underside of foodplant leaf, whereas the 3rd-instar larva rested on a silken pad made on the center of leaf upperside."
Habitat	Subalpine willow bogs and most alpine tundra slopes.
Non-Habitat	"The larvae make individual nests at the base of bunch grasses, tying several grass blades or stems together with silk."
Habitat	"Lightly disturbed areas, scrub."
Non-Habitat	Resident [of the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu; Rwanda- SW Rwanda; Uganda- Bindi
Habitat	Grassy areas in thorn scrub.
Habitat	"Open tundra, rocky summits and saddles, talus slopes, and frost-heaved clear-cut areas."
Non-Habitat	37-44 mm
Habitat	Edges of moist woodlands.Tropically oriented
Habitat	Short-grass prairie or similar grasslands with areas of bare soil.
Habitat	"Glades, wood edges,or by streams."
Non-Habitat	"The butterflies roost under large leaves, often in small groups."
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	 currently undocumented
Non-Habitat	"Resident [to the Carolinas];  Subspecies loammi. considered aseparate species by some, occurs locally in coastalportions of the Carolinas"
Non-Habitat	"Due to their extremely moth-like and rather dull appearance they may be overlooked at such times and this may partly explain the paucity of records. However, Rothschild (1915b) suggested that the “extreme rarity� of specimens is probably due to their particularly specialised ant associated life histories. "
Non-Habitat	"The males of our species patrol open, sunny habitats in search of receptive females"
Non-Habitat	The larvae live in shelters made by spinning the leaves of the host-plant together
Non-Habitat	 Adults do not visit flowers but arefrequently seen at rotting fruit or sap flows.
Non-Habitat	70-80 mm.
Non-Habitat	"generally and locally rare, but may be occasional locally"
Non-Habitat	Fw 18 mm
Non-Habitat	This species is fast-flying. 
Habitat	"Usually marshes and wet meadows, but also sandy oak barrens, streamsides, and open or wooded hillsides."
Non-Habitat	Not rare
Habitat	"Moist woods along rivers, wooded swamps, and pine flatwoods. Sea level to 1500 ft. (450 m)."
Non-Habitat	22-28 mm
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host twigs near buds;eggs overwinter
Habitat	"Small stream valleys amid shale, serpentine, or limestone barrens."
Non-Habitat	60-70 mm.
Habitat	Grassy arroyos in oak woodland.
Habitat	They are found in semitropical and tropical habitats throughout the world.
Non-Habitat	"Larvae are borers, tunneling into the leaves, stems, and roots of the yucca plants upon which they feed.  First instar larvae may feed externally before boring into the leaf base. A nest composed of silk and leaves is formed at the entrance site and maintained over the life of the larva. As needed, the larva visits the site to discharge fecal frass, preventing possible contamination of the tunnel. Pupation is within the tunnel, and the adult eventually emerges from the nest site."
Habitat	Oak-pine woodland.
Non-Habitat	36-50 mm
Non-Habitat	55-75 mm
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	"1.75 - 2.40"" (4.4 - 6.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	fast-flying but sometimes settle on flowers
Non-Habitat	Haiti and Dominican Republic. ...TL (not stated): Haiti
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	" 1.5-2.0"" (3.8-5.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"The adults have a rapid, jerky flight and settle frequently."
Non-Habitat	Fw 18-19 mm
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Short-grass prairie.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 30-35mm
Habitat	"Prairie hills, rocky ridgetops."
Non-Habitat	 currently undocumented
Non-Habitat	" rare generally, but may be common locally"
Habitat	Our Asterocampas usually live in forests or along rivers. When they wander they may be found in cities or suburbs.often perch very high on branches of their host trees.
Non-Habitat	34-41 mm
Habitat	Found in dry canyons in Ariz. Seasonally dry forests in Mex.Found at wet spots in desert canyons.
Habitat	Forests adjacent to river courses.
Non-Habitat	41-49 mm
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	21-30mm
Habitat	"Weedy areas, roadsides, gardens."
Habitat	[image]endangered by development of its hardwood habitatTropical hardwood hammocks and associated scrub.
Non-Habitat	22 mm
Habitat	At the time of this writing… have declined and are found only in a few hardwood hammocks on the keys.
Habitat	"Open valley flats, open woodland, meadows, weedy areas, roadsides, gardens, prairies."
Non-Habitat	"Males patrol low over grassy vegetation with a slow skipping flight,"
Habitat	usually found in arid or boreal habitats.
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid in groups
Habitat	Open woodland.
Non-Habitat	"Adults usually fly slowly and erratically, but if disturbed they may fly very rapidly."
Non-Habitat	"The Common Forest Sylph flies especially along forest paths, rarely rising to more than 25 cm above the ground."
Non-Habitat	" The large adults have a strong, rapidflight and frequently visit available flowers."
Non-Habitat	30-47 mm
Non-Habitat	Adults of all Spalgis species appear to be rare and localised in their occurrence 
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in the North Eastern Cape, Natal, Transvaal, Bechuanaland, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and ranges to tropical Africa."
Non-Habitat	40-46 mm
Non-Habitat	"In flight they are rapid, often settling on the ground to rest or bask"
Habitat	Disturijed forest and edges
Habitat	"Citty flower gardens, edge of river woods."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	23-25mm
Habitat	Shrubby fields and second growth in  seasonally dry tropical lowlands.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 14-17 mm
Non-Habitat	The African Albatross is a restless butterfly.
Non-Habitat	"Swift flier, flies at low elevations"
Non-Habitat	Approximately 150 species of Pyrginae occur in the Afrotropical region. 
Habitat	"Mainly disturbed, open situations."
Habitat	"Coniferous forests, oak-juniper woodlands, and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]; 
Habitat	" open, sunny locations including roadsides, oldfields, utility easements, forest edges and gardens"
Non-Habitat	"Several generations completed annually, with adults occurring mainly during the wet season; they are more seasonal in the lower rainfall areas. "
Habitat	Open sunny slopes ranging from brushy ravines to rocky slopes above timberline
Non-Habitat	"It appears, therefore, that hemileuca is widespread and may eventually be found to occur throughout the Central Cordillera. However, the species is generally and locally rare"
Habitat	"Foothill canyons and slopes, cities, and suburbs."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Musisi-Kahusi 
Non-Habitat	"1a [female] Guantanamo, Cuba.1b [male] Holguin, Cuba."
Non-Habitat	" 1.25-1.75"" (3.2-4.4 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Adults have a quick flight and maneuver adeptly closeto the ground.
Habitat	"HABITAT: Wide variety of open, sunny areas — waste fields, prairies, pastures, etc."
Habitat	" open, disturbed sites including roadsides, pastures, utility easements, vacant fields, pond margins"
Non-Habitat	120-150 mm.
Non-Habitat	Tanzania (National endemic)- Chala
Habitat	"Cool stream and river valleys, openings in coniferous woods, and bogs."
Non-Habitat	"Visitor [to the Carolinas];  Primarily a tropical butterfly, it is a seasonal Carolines colonist and unable tosurvive freezing temperatures in any life stage."
Habitat	" moist, cool shaded woodlands, forest trails,woodland roads and stream corridors; moist, deciduous forests of the western Carolinas; Males oftengather in numbers at mud puddles along stream banksor unpaved woodland roads"
Non-Habitat	46-50 mm
Habitat	Residential areas and gardens.
Non-Habitat	"Flight slow, often gliding. Keeps low"
Habitat	" The Yehl Skipper is rare to uncommon largebutterfly of southeastern forested swamps or moistwoodlands. It is most frequently encountered in sunlitclearings, margins or roadsides;  forested swamps and associated clearings andmargins"
Habitat	Black Spruce-sphagnum bogs.
Non-Habitat	"Whether or not adults can survive cold winters is not clearly documented, and it  may be necessary for migrants to colonize much of the East each year.[image] Adults overwinter in the south and migrate to the north each spring.Migrant and sometimes temporary colonist to s. Canada. West Indies, oceanic islands, and Europe. Strays periodically to Nfld. and once to Lab."
Habitat	"Shaded subtropical woods, flower gardens."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly; when not flying they settle beneath a leaf a few meters above the ground where they hang upside down with wings closed.
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Habitat	"Streamsides, marshes, wooded suburbs."
Habitat	"Brushy old fields, fringes of bogs, open areas near small streams."
Habitat	"Tropical forest clearings, roadsides, gardens, pastures."
Habitat	"Coastal dunes, pinewoods."
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, roadsides, pastures, marshes, and similar situations."
Non-Habitat	widespread throughout the eastern half of the mainland and is generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas];  The Arogos Skipper is a rare and decliningspecies throughout most of the Southeast.
Non-Habitat	" 1.25-1.40"" (3.2-3.6 cm)"
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	"From the middle instar onward, the larva bites the petiole to wither the leaf and makes a nest roughly spun with silk. Although the pupation site in the wild has not been observed, the mature larva descends tot he basal area of a potted larval foodplant and pupates on the underside of a fallen leaf in captivity."
Non-Habitat	"Several numbers to about 20 larvae rest side by side on the underside of a leaf, and their feeding behavior in each group is almost synchronous. (Incidentally, however, I once observed a single 1st-instar larva resting and feeding in a bud by itself). The 2nd-instar larva shows almost the same habits as the 1st-instar larva. In the 3rd instar, the number of larvae in each group becomes smaller. In the 4th instar, each group comprises only a few larvae, and the 5thinstar larva becomes solitary… The 1st to 4th-instar larvae rest on the leaf underside hardly spinning silk. Therefore, they often fall off at the slightest disturbance, whereas the 5th-instar larva rests firmly on silk spun on the leaf; the latter does not fall easily."
Non-Habitat	"March - Early November; multiple generations;  It is an opportunistic breeder, continuallyproducing new generations as long as favorable conditions allow."
Habitat	River forests in seasonally dry tropics.  Usually perches on tree trunks and occasionally found at most spots along streams.
Non-Habitat	wideranging
Habitat	Subtropical scrub and thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	"Males are regularly seen feeding on flowers, especially in the morning. "
Non-Habitat	the caterpillar hiding by day in a rolled-up leaf shelter.
Non-Habitat	Gregarious when young. 
Habitat	"marsh skipper.Boggy marshes, wet meadows"
Habitat	[image]Butterfly of the plains and arid Southwest.Marsh and stream edges in short-grass prairie.
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, oldfields, pastures, roadsides."
Habitat	"s. Va. (mountains). Moist, open areas: prairie swales, streams, marshes, woods edges."
Habitat	Woods where cane grows.It is associated with cane (Arundinaria gigantea) and in Illinois it occurs only where cane is found
Habitat	"Tropical thorn scrub, dry riverbeds, abandoned fields."
Non-Habitat	"visit flowers at the edges of forests, along paths and in gardens."
Non-Habitat	17mm
Habitat	"[image] often found in gardens and fields.Open, disturbed areas: landfills, lawns, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	" 0.50-0.75"" (1.3-1.9 cm)"
Non-Habitat	" 2.75-4.00"" (7.0-10.2 cm)"
Habitat	"Sphagnum bogs, sedge bogs.In Colo., the species is partly dependent on old beaver dams, where females lay eggs on young willow seedlings."
Non-Habitat	42-55 mm
Non-Habitat	Pieridae lay their eggs singly. 
Non-Habitat	25-35 mm
Non-Habitat	" 1.2-1.6"" (3.0-4.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"caterpillars  Iive and feed within folded leaf shelters on legumes, their only hosts."
Non-Habitat	Resident in south; migrates north
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground among grasses. 
Habitat	Deciduous woods and nearby openings or edges.
Non-Habitat	Larvae make shelters by fastening a cluster of leaflets together with silk.
Habitat	Coastal salt marshes.
Non-Habitat	119-188 mm.
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid on the leaves of yucca in the east, other species further south and west)."
Non-Habitat	The female lays eggs singly on unfolding buds or flower spikes. 
Non-Habitat	Adults frequently feed from flowers of daisies.
Non-Habitat	35-46 mm
Habitat	"Woods, old fields, especially on basic soils."
Non-Habitat	This is a cosmopolitan subfamily with about 700 members. Approximately 170 species occur in the Afrotropical region. 
Habitat	"Mountain meadows, moist prairie valleys."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Cutover areas, forest edges, stream valleys."
Non-Habitat	2 1/2 - 4 in. (64-104 mm)
Non-Habitat	The range of this rare and reclusive hairstreak justbarely crosses over into the western edge of the Carolinas; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Open areas, grassy places, old fields. prairies, roadsides.It will usually be found in the more undisturbed areas."
Habitat	"some alkaline and sandy habitats[not found in] arid lowland Southwest Relatively moist grasslands and hillsides, sometimes mixed with shrubs or along woodland edges."
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly very rapidly, usually 1-3 m above the ground. Can also be observed fluttering slowly near the food plant."
Non-Habitat	" Adultshave a fast, erratic flight and buzz rapidly among lowvegetation, pausing occasionally to nectar or perch"
Non-Habitat	June - September; two generations;  Later stage larvae overwinter.
Habitat	Coastal marshes.
Non-Habitat	poplars (Populus spp.) or willows (Salix spp.).
Non-Habitat	"The habits of the Two Pip Policeman do not differ from that of C. forestan, where C. forestan forestan has some migratory capacity indicated (as in C. libeon); it has been seen five km off the coast of Senegal coming to lights at a ship (R. de Jong pers. obs.). The flight of C. forestan forestan is fast and powerful."
Non-Habitat	"The larvae hide in tents formed by spinning leaves of the foodplant together and feed through the summer months.; When fully grown in August, each larva spins more leaves together to form a hibernaculum in which to spend the winter.; This small brown and grey butterfly is extremely well camouflaged."
Habitat	"Damp stream courses, marshes, wet fields, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	April - October; two generations
Habitat	Seasonal lowland tropical forests and nearby openings and edges.
Non-Habitat	high-flying
Non-Habitat	"Univoltine; late (mid) May - June at lower altitudes, June - July at mountains."
Non-Habitat	30-38 mm
Non-Habitat	"Russian Federation (Mountains of South Siberia), N.-E. Kazakhstan, N. China and N. Mongolia."
Habitat	High arctic.
Non-Habitat	"It usually stays low within forests, often looking more like a Leptosia than a Nepheronia, visiting low flowers in their company. The species is rarely seen more than a few metres from the forest floor, in contrast to the two forest species, which regularly stray up into the canopy."
Non-Habitat	20-32 mm (3/4-1 1/4 inches)
Non-Habitat	Flies softly and slowly with a bouncing pattern along the edges of paths. Keeps mainly to the shade. 
Non-Habitat	100-120 mm.
Non-Habitat	Late March - June; single generation
Non-Habitat	"showing deceptive movements, nearly always no more than four inches above ground"
Non-Habitat	37-47 mm
Habitat	Open moist tundra.Adults land in open gravelly patches amidst grassy slopes or flats in wet areas.
Habitat	Woods in river valleys or near swamps and marshes.
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	Near oaks.
Habitat	Shrubby fields and second growth in  seasonally dry tropical lowlands.
Habitat	"Forest edges, city gardens."
Habitat	"Black Spruce bogs, pine woods."
Non-Habitat	"The small hairlike tails on thehindwing resemble antennae and presumably helpdeflect the attack of would-be predators away fromthe insect's vulnerable body. This charade, employedby many members of the family, is enhanced by thebright orange eyespots and converging lines on thewings below that draw attention to this unique ""falsehead"" feature."
Habitat	"associated with forests or adjacent open areas, often along stream courses."
Habitat	"Adults are usually found near their host plants, and they do not fly long distances."
Non-Habitat	July - September; two generations; Larvae overwinter
Non-Habitat	 Adults are best found andobserved feeding at the numerous wildflowers growing along the marsh edges.
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	currently undocumented
Habitat	Seasonal lowland tropical forests and nearby openings and edges.
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are usually laid singly on host leaves or flower buds (but see  the  Harvester,Feniseca tarquinius), although the cycad hairstreaks (Genus Eumaeus) lay theirs in groups, and the caterpillars feed communally."
Habitat	Forests with oaks or hickories and adjacent edges or fields.[image] even in urban parks. Adults are most easily found nectaring at milkweeds near forest edges.
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Habitat	"On or near scrub oaks in sand barrens, shale barrens, limestone ridges, and similar open areas."
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River. 
Habitat	"Adults are usually found near their host plants, and they do not fly long distances."
Non-Habitat	Late May-Mid October
Habitat	Low desert foothilks and rolling prairie with host-plant colonies.
Non-Habitat	50-61 mm
Habitat	"Grassy areas in open, sandy pine woods."
Habitat	Tropical forests and edges in lowlands and mid elevations.
Non-Habitat	" 1.40-1.75"" (3.6-4.4 cm)"
Non-Habitat	37-58 mm
Non-Habitat	80-99 mm.
Non-Habitat	55-65 mm
Non-Habitat	"In early instars, the larvae live in groups on the leaf underside, and just as in B. lidderdalii, in the 3rd instar or later they move to the leaf underside to overwinter; [pupal] form resembles a dead twig in appearance. "
Habitat	Rocky desert hills and ridges in thorn scrub and oak-juniper zones. Males fly to hilltops in search of likely mates.
Non-Habitat	It often visits flowers such as Lantana camara and feed on nectar.
Habitat	"Wet meadows, marshes, or bogs."
Non-Habitat	They occasionallygather at moist ground.
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Altai, West and East Sayan, Tunkinskie Gol’tsy, Tsagan-ShibetuMts., West and East Tannu-Ola Mts."
Non-Habitat	63-76 mm
Non-Habitat	"Low, direct flight."
Non-Habitat	The larva always rests on the leaf underside. 
Non-Habitat	17-19 mm
Non-Habitat	"Of all PNG species, H. pythias...are the most common."
Non-Habitat	I have never seen it alive. Rare in Costa Rican collections.
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Habitat	[image]Butterfly of the plains and arid Southwest.Marsh and stream edges in short-grass prairie.
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	A moderately large group of thick-bodied noctuids that inhabit woodlands and old fields. 
Non-Habitat	Flying slowly about 3 m above the ground in forests
Habitat	Wet tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	"The flight is so fast and different from that of Tirumala petiverana that a mimetic relationship might seem unlikely, though when searching for host-plants and laying eggs the female is more convincing. It is a savannah butterfly that migrates (sometimes in large numbers) or wanders into open areas of the rainforest zone, but it may not be a permanent resident in the wettest localities, such as the Cross River area."
Habitat	"haDry rocky ravines, wood edges, yards, gardens."
Non-Habitat	May - September; two generations
Habitat	"Clearings, trails, and roadsides in wet deciduous woods where cane is present."
Habitat	Hardwood hammocks in s. Fla.; river forests in seasonally dry tropics.
Habitat	Forest edges and cutover second growth.
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a fast, erratic flight but regularlyperch on the tips of tree branches or on shrubby vegetation."
Non-Habitat	migrant
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, pastures, fields."
Habitat	"Open areas near woods, prairie hills, bogs."
Non-Habitat	"Confined to Hispaniola but widespread and much commoner than A. briarea: Port au Prince, La Cumbre, Puerto Plata, etc. TL: Port au Prince, Haiti."
Non-Habitat	Aristolochia moupinensis (Aristolochiaceae) is the only known larval foodplant of this species.
Non-Habitat	"Strong, gliding flight"
Non-Habitat	Sometimes they are seen feeding from flowers of Lantana. 
Non-Habitat	"In Trinidad, Barcant (1970) indicated that this butterfly was found in local populationsRare in Costa Rican collections."
Non-Habitat	"Confined to the southern islands of Vanuatu. Widespread and locally quite commonon Erromango, Tanna, Futuna and Aneityum. It almost certainly also occurs on Aniwa."
Habitat	The males perch on low vegetation and periodically patrol back and forth.
Non-Habitat	"Parnaro naso poutieri was identified from a worn specimen collected on Mahe (Holland 1896), and possibly confused with Borbo borbonica morella. P. naso poutieri is endemic to Madagascar (Ackery et al. 1995) and is not considered part of the Seychelles butterfly fauna. "
Non-Habitat	FWL: 17-18mm
Non-Habitat	45-57 mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Mountain canyons in  Southwest, elsewhere dense river woods, dry woods, cities."
Habitat	"Moist weedy fields, swamp edges, parks."
Habitat	"Sunny gullies and streamcourses in foothills and mountains, occasional hillsides and ridges.Males perch prominently on branches or rocks along gully bottoms or streamcourses."
Habitat	Most species are found in wooded habitats.
Habitat	Woodland edges and trails near streams.
Non-Habitat	slow-flying
Non-Habitat	 Adults are highly activebutterflies but frequently stop to perch or feed wherethey can be easily and closely observed
Non-Habitat	22-29 mm
Habitat	"Wet meadows, marshes, or bogs."
Habitat	Wooded swamps with cane.
Habitat	"A wide variety of open, weedy tropical and subtropical situations."
Non-Habitat	"[male] A. d. luciana, St Lucia."
Non-Habitat	14-20mm
Habitat	Lowland tropical forests with a  distinct dry season.
Habitat	"Many kinds of open, weedy habitats — cities and suburbs, gardens, power lines, marshes,road edges, etc."
Habitat	prairies dominated by Sawgrass (Cladium jamaicensis)… are the only habitat where one may find the Palatka Skipper
Habitat	limited to acid bogs
Habitat	Freshly emerged males gather at moist sand or mud along streams or rivers.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	Univoltine. Mid May - early August.
Non-Habitat	April - September; two generations
Non-Habitat	21-23 mm
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies
Non-Habitat	"Egg’s width is 1.5~1.7mm, height is 0.8~1.1mm, and has shape of steamed bun. Larvae becomes stage 1 larvae inside the egg and has to survive winter so the egg’s shell is very dense and thick. The outer surface of the egg is very rough. Initially, egg has color of brown-white and eventually turns into gray-white. "
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid singly on the underside of a foodplant leaf about 1m above ground level. The egg is placed around the center of the leaf. 
Habitat	"Mountain meadows, clearings, and bogs."
Habitat	"Steep, dry, south-facing slopes with stands of caterpillar host plant. This distinctive butterfly rarely strays from its host plant,"
Habitat	"""bounces"" along the tops of the grass, shrubs, and just inside the canopy of small trees.Most at home in the grassland/woodland interface, this satyr may be found in the middle of quite large open fields or more rarely deep in the woods."
Habitat	"Second-growth scrub, forest edges."
Habitat	"Males patrol hillsides or valley bottoms.A variety of open sunny areas, usually along valleys or hillsides"
Non-Habitat	Flies high and swiftly.vagrant… migrant
Non-Habitat	"Resident in Gebel Elba, migratory elsewhere"
Habitat	Subtropical scrub and thorn forest.
Habitat	"Subtropical woods, city flower gardens."
Habitat	"Sagebrush flats and hills, high prairie with mixed conifers."
Non-Habitat	The eggs are normally laid singly.
Non-Habitat	So far this species has only been recorded on Astove on 8 March 1967.
Habitat	"During the summer, males patrol open fields or similar areas in search of females"
Habitat	"Freshly emerged males of patrolling butterflies often taken moisture at sandy or muddy spots near streams or trails.Glades in woods in east, open fields and thorn scrub in west. Sea level to 5000 ft.(1500 m)."
Habitat	"[image]These populations are found in juniper groves. All juniper-associated populations are assumed to be Juniper Hairstreaks.Pinyon-juniper woodland, juniper forests, and planted windbreaks in hilly or mountainous situations in a wide variety of ecosystems.Usually found by tapping eastern redcedars or junipers with a net handle or pole."
Habitat	"Foothills, short-grass prairie valleys.A typical short-grass prairie species."
Non-Habitat	"They fly slowly, low to the ground"
Habitat	"Dry mountain meadows, grassy hillsides, and alpine tundra."
Habitat	Short-grass prairie.Males perch on flat open areas on low ridges or hilltops where they await receptive mates.
Non-Habitat	Late June - August; single generation
Non-Habitat	"In December 1994 at Ankasa in Ghana large numbers of males were flying south down the old road together with Belenois theora and exiting the forest into mostly non-breeding territory (see under B. theora for a similar observation in Nigeria), but it did not have the character of a true migration. Small numbers participated in a large mixed migration in Lagos in late May 1967 (Larsen 1968), but this does not seem to a regular phenomenon."
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Non-Habitat	20-21 mm
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, oldfields, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	16-17mm
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a strong, soaring flight"
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	Oak thickets in foothills.Males perch on hilltops
Habitat	"Mesquite and thorn woodland roadside verges, streambeds."
Habitat	"Well-drained sandy or gravelly flats or gently sloping meadows, usually near streambed or alluvial washes,"
Non-Habitat	"The habits of this species are the usual ones of the genus, though the flight is weaker."
Habitat	Stream valleys with dry scrub or scattered forest.
Non-Habitat	 itis an avid flower visitor.
Habitat	"Males patrol ridges and hilltops.Subarctic and montane slopes and peaks, open plains, railyards."
Non-Habitat	Feeds by night… rests by day in folded leaf shelters.
Habitat	Subarctic forest openings and arctic tundra.
Non-Habitat	 Adults frequently alight on bare soil orgravel
Habitat	" wet meadows, marshes and swamps nearwoodlands"
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground in the breeding habitat near the food plant.
Non-Habitat	"Weak, hopping flight close to the ground"
Non-Habitat	Males frequently 'hilltop'; several may remain flying together for some hours at mountain summit.; strong dispersive/migratory tendency. 
Habitat	"Limestone ridges in mesquite woodland, foothill ridges. Males establish perches on low vegetation in ridgetop clearings."
Habitat	"Open areas near woods, prairie hills, bogs."
Habitat	"Open fields, moist woods, edge of Rio Grande."
Non-Habitat	85-90 mm
Habitat	"lower elevations of western mountainsBrushy ravines and canyon bottoms, wooded hillsidesMales patrol along ravines and gulches."
Non-Habitat	"At Kunai and Namie Creeks on Mount Kaindi geminatus is common to abundant, but the species is usually not quite as frequent as its sibling pythias."
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Non-Habitat	32-48 mm.
Habitat	Openings in lowland tropical forests and second growth.
Non-Habitat	flying swiftly but settling on flowers
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, erratic flightand bob slowly among understory vegetation and tallgrass."
Habitat	Dry canyons and hillsides of coast and transverse ranges.
Non-Habitat	" Adults have arapid, powerful flight that produces a noticeable buzz."
Non-Habitat	Sailing slowly
Habitat	Upper limits of tidal marshes.
Habitat	"[image] Most often found in sunny forest openings or in fields near forests.Open woodland and fields, generally more boreal than other eastern cloudywings."
Non-Habitat	On the wing it may easily be confused with Eretis plistonicus.
Non-Habitat	"This subspecies is a Seychelles endemic, and endemic to Aldabra Atoll. "
Non-Habitat	The female is often observed to glide around the foodplant trees and oviposit.
Habitat	"Lowland tropical forests and nearby second growth, flower gardens."
Habitat	"Ravines, open limestone canyons, dry washes in a variety of low-eIevation habitats."
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	"The foodplant is evergreen. The larva rested near the leaf apex from which a rod-like extention made of frass pellets was appended. When overwintering, the larva...retains its dark green body color. Even after molting twice in the spring, its body color remained the same, and turns yellowish brown only just before pupation. "
Non-Habitat	Males patrol ridges and hilltops.
Non-Habitat	Local. Adult emergence is very seasonal in Queensland.
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Freshwater marshes, sedge meadows, slow-moving streams or ditches."
Non-Habitat	34-41 mm
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	" most frequently found in the aspen parkland and prairie areas, along road sides, weedy areas and in meadows."
Non-Habitat	April - May; single spring generation
Non-Habitat	61-66 mm
Non-Habitat	"Confined to Jamaica, where it is widespread from sea level to about 6000 ft. Prefers rough shady places and does not wander afield. The only species of Calisto known to occur on Jamaica. RANGE: Jamaica. TL: 'Carolina', recte Jamaica."
Habitat	"Edges of damp woods or bogs, light gaps along streams, city parks."
Habitat	" woodlands, forest clearings, trails and roadsidesand adjacent disturbed, grassy areas;  Although it frequents shady woodlands, it regularly strays into nearbyresidential gardens.  Adults have a low, erratic flightand bob slowly among understory vegetation and tallgrass. Between periodic bursts of activity, adults perchon grasses or leaf litter"
Non-Habitat	78-90 mm
Habitat	"Tropical forests, especially river valleys."
Habitat	" This skipper is found in prairie grassland, the aspen parkland of southern Alberta and the Peace River valley grasslands. There are a fewrecords from sand dune areas of the boreal forest."
Non-Habitat	31-37 mm
Non-Habitat	26-33 mm
Habitat	Streams and shady areas within tropical seasonal forest or scrub.
Habitat	[image] roosts upside down under large leaves. Look for them along shaded forest streams.Tropical woods near streams or rivers.
Non-Habitat	" 1.90-2.25"" (4.8-5.7 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"Ova laid mostly near leaf-tips on plants in partial shade, or on lower, shaded leaves of plants growing in full sun."
Non-Habitat	"If disturbed or approached by rival males they may fly at great speed in a fast, erratic manner. "
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	55-73 mm
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Habitat	"Gravelly hills, domes, low ridges."
Habitat	Tropical rain and cloud forests.
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Non-Habitat	65-77 mm
Habitat	"Open areas with low vegetation; meadows, dunes, vacant lots."
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Habitat	"Open areas in or near deciduous woods, often near streams and small rivers."
Non-Habitat	"The habits of H. tripunctata are similar to those of H. ophiusa, where butterflies of H. ophiusa are usually low down, which makes confusion on the wing with Tagiades flesus difficult."
Non-Habitat	 laid in large pyramidal clusters on theunderside of host leaves
Non-Habitat	29-37 mm
Non-Habitat	48-52 mm
Habitat	Tropical scrub; Lemon groves in s. Texas.
Habitat	"Deciduous broad-leaf forest or mixed evergreen forest, associated edges, and clearings."
Non-Habitat	"Confined to Cuba, but widespread and commoner than A. briarea. TL: Cuba."
Habitat	" open upland woodland, forest edges and clearings, roadsides, utility easements and old fields"
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-18 mm
Non-Habitat	FWL: 17-19mm
Habitat	Short-grass prairie.
Non-Habitat	Late April - August; two generations
Non-Habitat	Mid July-Mid-August
Habitat	"Open areas, old fields, roadsides, parks, gardens, and vacant city lots.Males taking stations on low vegetation in open sunny spots"
Non-Habitat	The flight of Heteropterinae tends to be bounding and relatively slow compared with the Hesperiinae.
Non-Habitat	darting out at passing in.sects
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Habitat	" It is an occasional garden visitor;  The medium-sized Variegated Fritiilaryshares its affinity for open, sunny habitats with thesimilar-looking Gulf Fritiilary but is generally less common and highly localized in occurrence.; open, sunny sites including roadsides, pastures,old fields and utility easements"
Habitat	"Near streams in  moist, lowland tropical forests, especially associated edges and openings."
Non-Habitat	[male] Grand Cayman. June.
Habitat	"Many, including grasslands, oak woodland, valleys, brushy hillsides,and prairie ridges.In most areas males patrol hilltops awaiting females; while in Calif, males may patrol grasslands or slopes and avoid hilltops. Males of other Speyeria species patrol flats or slopes."
Non-Habitat	Both male and female visit flowers for Nectar
Non-Habitat	 the adults can be observed nectaring at a variety of flowers.
Non-Habitat	33-43 mm
Habitat	This species is found in clearings and along edges of poplar forests
Habitat	"[image] A common butterfly of tall-grass prairie.Moist priries, mountain pastures, barrens."
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Habitat	Tropical woodlands.
Non-Habitat	35-41 mm
Habitat	Weedy openings and fields
Habitat	"Seasonally dry scrub, forest edges, pastures."
Non-Habitat	The egg is found on small twigs and on leaf scars of large trees about 5-6m above ground level.
Habitat	"Males of Pahaska Skipper perch on hilltops, Foothills with short-grass prairie, open pine forest."
Non-Habitat	37-50 mm
Habitat	" moist openings or clearings in deciduous woodlands, utility corridors, forested roads and brushy fields;  It is typically encountered in clearings in ornear deciduous woods, often alongside several of theearly-season azures. "
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	"1.25-2.00"" (3.2-5.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	26-30 mm
Habitat	"Woods edges, trails, willows near river courses."
Non-Habitat	This species is mostly found in the warmer zones (of Southern Africa).
Non-Habitat	"Fast, tricky flight"
Habitat	"Small clearings in tropical woodlands, city flower gardens, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	"Though it might be described as a S. thecla with a yellow underside, S. bouvieri differs in staying much closer to the ground. Males perch and fight less than a metre above the ground."
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, pastures, and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	In Texas found along wooded canal levees.
Non-Habitat	"Flight very rapid, direct and hard to follow, but butterflies reluctant to fly at all."
Non-Habitat	They fly  close to the ground with shallow wingbeats.
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Semliki
Habitat	Prairies.
Habitat	Weedy places and gardens. Migrant on high mountains.
Habitat	"On or near scrub oaks in sand barrens, shale barrens, limestone ridges, and similar open areas."
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	" Theundersides [of the wings] are very variable and closelyresemble a drying, mottled leaf."
Habitat	"Open areas near woods, prairie hills, bogs."
Habitat	"Open scrubby areas, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	"The behaviour of this subspecies is similar to the subspecies arbogastes, where the subspecies arbogastes is a strong flier. "
Habitat	"Pine barrens, short-grass prairies."
Non-Habitat	"Rarely flies spontaneously. Normally the Blue Policeman appears just as a quick blue flash, since the flight is extremely powerful."
Non-Habitat	"flying across the forest canopyMales perch during the morning on emergent canopy trees. A male will sail in long circles around its perch, return for a few minutes, then begin to sail around again.The butterfly usually flies about twenty meters beyond the reach of a net"
Non-Habitat	flies slowly and soon perches on shrubs
Habitat	"open woodlands, barrens, forest clearings andmargins, utility easements and along forest trails"
Non-Habitat	Larva sequesters plant poisons and adult uses them to defend itself against bird predators
Habitat	"Openings in river woods and conifer forests, marshes, orchards, nearby fields and edges, wooded ravines in prairies."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	 Larvae construct individual leafshelters on host and overwinter in a similar structure.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 18-19mm
Habitat	Tundra and subarctic bogs.
Non-Habitat	31-44 mm
Non-Habitat	"Slow, lazy, sailing flight, often high above the trees"
Habitat	Arid subtropical chaparral.
Non-Habitat	The female often oviposit on short seedlings less than 50cm above ground level growing on dimly-lit forest floors. 
Habitat	"Damp stream courses, marshes, wet fields, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	May - October; two generations
Non-Habitat	fourteen species of Calisto... in Hispaniola whilst Cuba has at most three and Jamaica and Porto Rico only one each; and the whole genus is without a close representative anywhere on the mainland
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	"Subtropical woods, seasonally dry thorn forest."
Habitat	Open weedy fields and pastures.
Habitat	" The colorful Viceroy is usually found in wetland areas close to its larval host.; pond edges, wetlands, roadside ditches andmoist areas supporting willows"
Non-Habitat	40-66 mm
Habitat	Gulches and canyons.
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	 Primarily restricted tosouthern and costal portions of South Carolina.; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Well known for its long migration to and from cen. Mexico
Non-Habitat	Eggs are glued to host leaves
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo- Djuga; Rwanda-Nyungwe
Non-Habitat	pausing often to visit flowers
Non-Habitat	"Adults sometimes crepuscular, often visiting Lantana flowers; caterpillars nocturnal."
Habitat	Deciduous woods and nearby openings or edges.
Habitat	Seasonally dry tropical forest edges and thorn scrub.
Habitat	"Woods and edges, wooded canals."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly very swiftly 2-3 m above the ground. 
Non-Habitat	" 1.30-1.75"" {3.3-4.3 cm)"
Habitat	"Alpine tundra, dry hills and flats, subalpine meadows, bog edges."
Habitat	"A swallowtail of open areas, especially of disturbed habitats; fields, meodows, tidal marshes, and suburban lawns.Has adapted well to suburban and urban environments.hilltopping species"
Habitat	"Dry alpine or arctic tundra, occasionally rocky scree."
Non-Habitat	Not rare
Non-Habitat	" 1.00-1.25"" (2.5-3.2 cm)"
Habitat	"Aspen groves, meadows, openings in woods near streams."
Non-Habitat	Adults scurry low to the ground with a gliding andsomewhat erratic flight.  They frequently stop to perchon low vegetation or to nectar at available flowers.
Non-Habitat	52-74 mm
Non-Habitat	"Theclinae... are swift and elusive on the wing, tending to fly high and to settle out of reach"
Habitat	lives on volcanos in Guatemala.
Non-Habitat	"Swift on the wing, but settles often to bask or to feed on flowers"
Habitat	"Valleys, desert canyons, and washes.Adults… frequent valley or canyon bottoms. On hot days when taking moisture along streams These skippers often fly in shade beneath trees and shrubs"
Non-Habitat	"Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Unspecified locality; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi, Echuya, Mt Rwenzori"
Non-Habitat	FWL: 13 mm
Habitat	Tundra.
Habitat	The males of most species patrol forest gaps and edges in search of receptive females.
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, fence rows, roadsides."
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, fields, orchards, second growth."
Non-Habitat	" The transparent,alien-looking larvae construct individual shelters byrolling over sections of the host leaf with silk. Insidethey hide safely out of the sight of would-be predatorsand come out to feed mainly at night. "
Habitat	Disturbed areas in a wide variety of tropical environments.
Habitat	"Bogs, wet meadows, wet prairies, marshes.Occuring in wetter areas than Meadow Fritikkaries. However, as one goes northward, Silver-bordered Fritillaries become more widespread and can be found in fairly dry situations."
Non-Habitat	"Males fly and perch in the canopy, occasionally flying closer to the ground to search for flowers."
Non-Habitat	"This species is widely distributed in forest or thick bush in the Eastern Cape, Natal, Rhodesia (mainly the eastern highlands), and Moҫambique, and ranges to equatorial Africa. "
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	"Open mountain and hilly slopes including granite moraines, serpentine outcrops, and sunny cliffs.Male California Marbles patrol areas of hostplant, usually hillsides, in search of females."
Non-Habitat	33-37 mm
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid singly.
Non-Habitat	22-31 mm
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies
Habitat	especially in the arctic and higher mountains.
Habitat	may be found along the upper borders of southern salt marshes.
Habitat	"A wide variety of open, weedy tropical and subtropical situations."
Habitat	Short-grass prairie or similar grasslands with areas of bare soil.
Non-Habitat	 Can sometimes gather in large numbers to mud-puddle at the edges of streams and damp patches along roadsides.
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Habitat	"Forest edges near streams, trees in open fields."
Non-Habitat	"This subspecies occurs in the Cape, Natal, Transvaal, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, as well as ranging to tropical Africa and the Malgassian island group. "
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Woods, old fields, especially on basic soils."
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larva feeds on young leaves for a while. From the 4th instar onward, the larva preferentially feed on mature hard leaves. Around the 3rd instar, the larva makes a pad of silk on the leaf upperside, and rest on it when not feeding. Pupae are found on the leaf underside away from those fed on. The pupa directs its head toward the leaf apex without exception."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	Tanzania (National endemic)- Mukuyu
Habitat	restricted to serpentine sites where its two edaphic-endemic hosts grow. Very localized with juniper in grassland-foothill woodland
Habitat	"often seen on tree leavesWoodlands, especially near watercourses or wet areas with alders. Adults can sometimes be found sunning themselves in woodland glades in the late afternoon."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest and pine forest.
Non-Habitat	"The flight is quite slow and buzzing, not at all like most of the large skippers, but navigation in dense forest appears to be precise."
Habitat	"Dry sandy fields, roadsides, old fields, power-line cuts."
Non-Habitat	35-40 mm
Non-Habitat	"When [the larvae] feed, all do so together. even the last instar larvae retain strong gregarious propensity, and 5-10 of them often rest side by side on a leaf. "
Non-Habitat	"Flight is low, fast, and erratic."
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, weedy fields, and residential areas."
Non-Habitat	wide-ranging
Habitat	"Moist meadows, aspen parklands, and prairies.In West restricted to native habitats, although in East expanding south and east in pastures, hay meadows, and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	27mm
Non-Habitat	30-35 mm
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Habitat	Openings in western Jack or Lodgepole pine forests.
Non-Habitat	"This is an unobtrusive little butterfly staying close to the ground, often settling on bare earth or on leaves."
Non-Habitat	The flight of this species is weak and never much above the ground.
Habitat	Flower gardens in Texas; fields and wood edges in tropics.
Habitat	" open woodlands, forest edges and adjacent open areas; It is a common butterfly of immature woodlands but is rarely encountered in large numbers.  Males perch on sunlit branches along trails or forest borders and make periodic exploratory flights."
Habitat	"[image]Often found along streams or in weedy fields.Streamcourses in foothills and mountains, open meadows or disturbed fields in valleys."
Non-Habitat	"Larsen (1990) suggests it is a migrantAdults fly very actively around acacia, settling abruptly;"
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu; Rwanda- Mt Karissimbi; Uganda- Bwindi, Echuya"
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	45-50 mm
Habitat	"A wide variety of open, sunny situations with suilable host plants."
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	28-35 mm
Non-Habitat	"[Underside grey (yellow-greenish in female) and cryptically patterned in minute striae, the leaf-like effect enhancedby the short hindwing tail and slightly falcate forewing]"
Habitat	They are found in semitropical and tropical habitats throughout the world.
Habitat	Weedy places and gardens. Migrant on high mountains.
Non-Habitat	20-31mm
Habitat	"Open sphagnum bogs, grassy areas with acidic soils."
Habitat	"[image] This butterfly is found in disturbed pastures and roadsides in the East and is spreading southward. In the West it is limited to native mountain meadows.Moist meadows, pastures, hayfields. Unusual among lesser fritillaries in its ability to adapt to disturbed habitats."
Non-Habitat	Camouflage among foliage
Non-Habitat	Their flight is rapid.
Habitat	"Moist areas on shaded limestone outcrops, subtropical woods."
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a strong, powerful flight."
Habitat	 found in old fields and gardens.
Habitat	Foothill streamcourses and ravines.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly among grass close to the ground.
Non-Habitat	This species is found mostly in the warmer zones (of Southern Africa).
Non-Habitat	"Late June - Late September; single generation;  As with other fritillarles, males typicallyemerge several weeks before females."
Habitat	Freshly emerged males gather at moist sand or mud along streams or rivers.
Non-Habitat	24-28 mm
Habitat	"Open areas near woods, prairie hills, bogs."
Non-Habitat	The male...flies actively
Habitat	"Open woods and brushy areas, especially pine or oak woods with sandy soil."
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Habitat	"Native short-grass prairie, aspen parkland."
Habitat	short-grass prairie
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground.
Habitat	Tropical hardwood hammock edges.
Non-Habitat	"The larva resting on the eaten flower spike is in amazing camouflage with its color patterns and form resembling the background, making it difficult to find; The newly hatched larva spends all its time on the flower spike, and rarely rests on a leaf. For pupation the mature larva descends to the ground"
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16 mm
Non-Habitat	"The males have a strong hilltopping tendency and in the dry zone nearly every hilltop will have one, endlessly circling in the updraft and using little energy to stay airborne. Mass migrations have been observed on many occasions in eastern Africa."
Non-Habitat	"Strong, swift, gliding flight"
Non-Habitat	The male has display flights early in the morning (08.00-09.00 hrs) furiously flying around an open display ground of about five metres circumference.
Habitat	Grassy slopes and chaparrel in foothills.Colonies are closely tied to host plants.
Non-Habitat	Females lay their eggs on the food plant/
Non-Habitat	[image] Adult males perch and fly circular patrolling flights.
Non-Habitat	"Flight weak, floating"
Habitat	"Undisturbed prairies, serpentine barrens."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly slowly around clumps of the food plant.
Non-Habitat	Its flight is rapid and vigorous
Habitat	Openings and edges of mid-elevation evergreen forests in tropics; known from several habitats in Texas.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly slowly in sunlit patches close to water among dense swards of the food plant. 
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	Last instar larvae overwinter in leaf shelters
Habitat	"Slopes and summits of hills in dry virgin prairie, tundra."
Non-Habitat	28-36 mm
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a slow, somewhat awkwardflight and are easy to observe"
Non-Habitat	22-25 mm
Habitat	"Meadows and open grassy or rocky areas, especially on Canadian Shield (a Precambrian formation)."
Habitat	Males [of S. callippe] patrol hilltops awaiting females; other Speyeria males patrol meadows and hillsides.
Non-Habitat	"The Pale Ranger flies about rather leisurely in the shade of thickets, often resting on green leaves, then occasionally darting at great speed from one thicket to another."
Habitat	This is a primarily tropical genus.
Habitat	Hardwood hammocks in s. Fla. and subtropical woods in s. Texas.
Non-Habitat	"Resident [to the Carolinas];  Known only from Fort Bragg, the entire population of the butterfly occurs within only a few squaremiles."
Non-Habitat	 Adults are somewhat sluggish fliersthrough wetland vegetation but can move very quicklyif disturbed.
Habitat	"Many open situations: fields, marshes, forests, suburbs, prairies, dunes, thorn scrub, gardens."
Habitat	A moderately large group of thick-bodied noctuids that inhabit woodlands and old fields. 
Habitat	"Many open, lowland tropical situations including forest edges, pastures, and city gardens."
Habitat	"[image]Territorial males may be found in late afternoon, often on hilltops. Barrens, neglected pastures, sparsely wooded hills, copses near prairie streams."
Habitat	"Grassy areas in open woods, by creeks, woods edges, city gardens."
Habitat	"Primarily coastal salt marshes, dunes, also open sites such as fields and gardens. Migrants appear in a variety of open habitats."
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground.
Non-Habitat	"showing deceptive movements, nearly always no more than four inches above ground"
Non-Habitat	"Mt Diablo, July (Jamaica), Mt Isabella, June (Dominican Republic)"
Non-Habitat	May - October; two generations
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"In the overwintering phase, larvae of this species are often found together with those of H. assimilis, Sasakia charonda, and S. funebris on a single tree. However, those of this species often show a higher percentage of parasitoid wasps' attacks than other species. "
Non-Habitat	75-90 mm.
Habitat	"A variety of situations—rocky and sandy exposed hillsides near streams or  gullies in north; pine flatwoods, towns, and citrus groves in the South.[image] often found in southern gardens"
Habitat	Coastal brackish and freshwater marshes.
Habitat	Open scrub in desert and subtropics.
Non-Habitat	30-40 mm (1 1/4-1 3/4 inches)
Non-Habitat	Widespread
Non-Habitat	 It is a temporary colonist of extremesouthern and coastal South Carolina; Visitor [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"High elevations of Calif. Sierra NevadaAlpine rockslides and meadows above 11,000 ft.Males perch on hilltops or ridges to await receptive mates."
Non-Habitat	" Females seem toprefer isolated, rather straggling citrus trees in the shade on which to lay their eggs, and suchplants may become quite heavily infested. "
Habitat	"Thoug characteristic of hardwood forests, Mourning Cloaks can be found in almost any habitat including woodlands, fields, suburbs, and downtown Manhattan!To some extent, migrates south in fall, especially along the beaches."
Non-Habitat	laid singly on flowers or young leaves ofhost
Non-Habitat	12-25 mm
Non-Habitat	23-30mm
Habitat	"Open, brushy fields,barrens, prairie hills.Males are usually found patrolling and perching on ridgetops."
Non-Habitat	Has a disagreeable smell
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Habitat	"open, dry sites including pastures, pineland, oakscrub, old fields and roadsides"
Habitat	"open brushy fieldsBrushy fields, prairies, woodland edges, etc. and salt marshes (in Mass.)"
Habitat	"Open subtropical woods, edges."
Non-Habitat	"This species is only known from the cooler South African rain forests.  It is found in the Eastern Cape, Natal, and Eastern and Northern Transvaal. "
Habitat	" open, disturbed sites including roadsides, oldfields, utility easements and fallow agricultural land"
Habitat	A local species of forests.
Non-Habitat	"This insect ranges through most of the Afrotropical region including Madagascar, Mauritius, Réunion, Rodrigues, and the Seychelles where it has been recorded on the islands of Mahé, Silhouette and Praslin. This insect is relatively rare in Seychelles with no recent records. It is most likely that historical Seychelles records are of ephemeral populations."
Habitat	"[image] Males are usually seen perching on hilltops… Females are seen most often near their caterpillar hosts — wild lilacs, most often New Jersey Tea. Males are usually found patrolling and perching on ridgetops.Open brushy fields, barrens, prairie hills."
Habitat	"Open grassy slopes, watercourses, and ravines in oak and mixed foothill woodlands."
Non-Habitat	"...seen darting low over short turf, stopping frequently to bask on bare ground or feed on flowers such as Dwarf Thistle.; flower heads needed as nectar sources"
Non-Habitat	"Upon hatching the first, and even the second, instar larvae may feed externally on the leaves before boring into a leaf caudex (growing point), and then feeding internally within the plant as a borer. As each larva tunnels through the root or stem, it puts down a silken lining in the tunnel where it lives and feeds. The mature larva overwinters within the silken-lined tube, and without further feeding pupates in late winter or early spring, sheltered within the tunnel."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	FWL: 22-23 mm
Non-Habitat	45-55 mm.
Habitat	"Open areas, marshes, seeps, sand plains."
Non-Habitat	"The flight of other members of this group consists of a series of bounds, interspersed with resting on grass leaves some way above the ground."
Habitat	Undisturbed tallgrass prairie.It is rare and only found in remnants of original prairie.
Habitat	"Tropical semideciduous river forest, edges."
Non-Habitat	"This butterfly has a vigorous flight, higher above the ground than usual in the genus, and may cover long distances, frequently stopping to rest on bare ground. Some males are also reputed to hover 1.5 to 3m above the ground near host-plants as part of mate-location behaviour (Swart 1997)."
Non-Habitat	Approximately 19 species of Coeliadinae occur in the Afrotropical region. 
Non-Habitat	Flies at higher altitudes than E. hegesia
Non-Habitat	"Flight is fast and powerfulMales… will dart out at possible conspecific females, and also to drive off competing males."
Non-Habitat	30-36 mm
Non-Habitat	Mostly nocturnal and will come to lights in small numbers
Habitat	Waste areas and deserts.
Habitat	"Open areas along trails through tropical and subtropical forests, brush, and associated edges."
Habitat	"s. Va. (mountains).Moist open areas: prairie swales, streamsides, marshes."
Non-Habitat	26-38 mm
Habitat	Open grassy areas In wide variety of settings.
Habitat	"Habitats are open forests, forest clearings, meadows, forest edges and river valleys in the prairies"
Non-Habitat	cosmopolitan; essentially tropical in distribution; Three subfamilies are represented in the West Indies.
Habitat	Stream valleys in  seasonal semideciduous dry  forest. Usually found at flowers.
Habitat	"Open fields, roadsides, suburban areas. While migrating it can be anywhere, but strongly concentrates on the immediate coast and along river valleys.Millions of Monarchs from North America eventually overwinter in communal sites high in the fir-clad Mexican mountains."
Habitat	Openings and glades in boreal woodlands.Adults patrol in glades and bask with open wings on low vegetation.
Non-Habitat	31-35 mm
Habitat	"Found in close association with low Acanthus family  plants.Open fields, shaded forest edges, and second growth in  tropical and subtropical lowlands."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	"Native prairie and intermountain areasShort-grass prairie or similar grasslands, sagebrush, and woodlands.Adults perch and patrol on hilltops and ridges in search of receptive mates."
Habitat	tropical found in open areas and along forest edges. The adult males cluster on moist sand along rivers and streams.These butterflies may partake in extensive migrations often noted along coastlines. The adults may appear far to the north of their usual habitats.
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid singly on the hosts
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground in grassy areas.
Habitat	" Found mostly in woodlands, fields, and gardens,"
Non-Habitat	gliding flight
Habitat	"Usually tropical moist forest above 5oo m on Hispaniola, but also in other situations."
Habitat	"mixed-mesic, riparian canyon and rocky cliffside situations"
Non-Habitat	"undergoes dramatic migrationsDuring the summer, males patrol open fields or similar areas in search of females"
Habitat	Deciduous or mixed woods — often found along dirt  roads or open ridgetops.
Habitat	"Native prairie and intermountain areasShort-grass prairie or similar grasslands, sagebrush, and woodlands.Adults perch and patrol on hilltops and ridges in search of receptive mates."
Non-Habitat	"The ovipositing female, perching on the edge of a mature foodplant leaf, curves its abdomen greatly to lay a single egg taking about 30 seconds at a time on its underside, to make a heaped batch of eggs. On the underside of such a leaf, a batch of l50-180 eggs is observed being made. Eggs are laid on the foodplant leaf underside about 2 m above ground level. "
Habitat	"Weedy fields, pastures, open grassy areas along ditches and streams."
Habitat	"Mesquite and thorn woodland roadside verges, streambeds."
Non-Habitat	65-82 mm
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16mm
Habitat	Arctic Tundra.
Habitat	Acid bogs with cranberries and other low heath family plants.
Non-Habitat	 It is particularly abundant throughout theAppalachians.; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"High, floating flight near conifers.Pine forests in most of range; mixed Douglas-fir forests in n. coastal Calif.Occasional outbreaks cause extensive defoliation of Ponderosa Pine forests. Adults come to ground level to visit flowers."
Non-Habitat	"2.00-2.75"" (5.1-7.0 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Females fly close to the ground among the grass cover. 
Non-Habitat	"both sexes open to anyopportunity to take nectar.Frequently, habitats provideideal conditions for Centranthus ruber (Red Valerian) -a much favoured nectar source."
Habitat	"Oak woodland and thickets, oak-juniper woodland, and oak-pine woodland. Males perch along paths, streambeds, and depressions, where they awaitreceptive females."
Habitat	"A species of urban forests and woodlands, as well as forests."
Non-Habitat	Confined to the West Indies in two subspecies
Habitat	"Openings in woods near streams, shale barrens, marsh edges."
Non-Habitat	Fw 21 mm
Non-Habitat	" It occurs in gardens and open places, where the flight of this species is strong,direct and often high. It also occurs in the forest, where it flutters in the undergrowth and rests onthe upper or under surface of large leaves."
Habitat	Shady tropical woods.
Non-Habitat	"Feed from flowers, such as Lantana."
Non-Habitat	28-32mm
Habitat	"Frequents brushy fields, roadsides, and open woodlands, nectaring at a wide variety of flowers and sipping moisture from mud puddles. Males perch on foliage."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Openings in sandy pinewoods or pine barrens.
Habitat	Sedge swamps.
Habitat	Subtropical woods and scrub.
Non-Habitat	 Adults frequently visit flowers but rarelylinger at any one blossom for long.
Habitat	Weedy openings and fields
Habitat	"A butterfly of pine and oak barrens andadjacent meadows;  sandy pine barrens, woodland meadows"
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Habitat	"Areas with low vegetation or openings including grasslands, sagebrush, montane meadows, and alpine tundra."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Open headlands and low hills with heath vegetation.
Non-Habitat	" 2.5-3.0"" (6.4-7.6 cm)"
Habitat	Openings in woods.
Habitat	"Open situations, including prairies, mountain meadows, and sagebrush flats."
Non-Habitat	100-140 mm
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larva...makes a rod-like extention of frass pellets, where it rests until around the end of the 2nd instar. As the larva grows, it hangs leaf fragments and frass pellets with silk near the frasss pellet rod, around which it curls its body and rests. The larva resembles the leaf fragments and frass pellets in color and patterns, apparently hiding itself effectively from its natural enemies. Pupation takes place on a leaf underside or twig, and the pupa is easily found."
Non-Habitat	90-100 mm.
Non-Habitat	"The adults are rapid, direct fliers"
Non-Habitat	Late May - Mid November
Habitat	Open fields and second growth.
Habitat	found only in tidal freshwater or brackish marshes near the mouths of large rivers.
Habitat	"Wetlands, including acid bogs and dwarf willow seeps."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on the upper surface of hostleaves
Non-Habitat	"Adults have been recorded throughout the year, but Coeliades forestan forestan is more commonly encountered during the wet NW Monsoon period. "
Non-Habitat	 Both sexes actively visit flowers. Malesperiodically congregate at damp ground.
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a quick,directed flight usually close to the ground"
Non-Habitat	"The larvae do not seem to spin shelters, but a pupal shelter is made."
Habitat	"Open brushy areas adjacent to, or within, oak woodlands, especially on hilltops."
Habitat	"Open, sunny situations —open fields, dunes, roadsides, thorn scrub.[image] Male Common Buckeyes often perch and patrol along dirt roads, bare open areas, and sand dunes. …They may occasionally participate in migrations- often along caostlines."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas];  The Yehl Skipper is rare to uncommon largebutterfly of southeastern forested swamps or moistwoodlands.
Non-Habitat	Burundi- Unspecified locality; Rwanda- Nyungwe; Uganda- Bwindi
Habitat	They are found in semitropical and tropical habitats throughout the world.
Non-Habitat	fast-flying coastal species
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Waste areas and deserts.
Non-Habitat	Palaearctic region.
Habitat	"Open fields and meadows, roadsides, etc.  Prefers moist areas on rich soil."
Non-Habitat	Common in North India and less common eastwards
Non-Habitat	"The Altai Mts. within Kazakstan, China, Mongolia and Russian Federation, other mountains of SouthSiberia and Mongolia, the Far East from southern Magadan Province in the north to N.-E. and C. China,Korea and Hokkaido in the south."
Non-Habitat	Brightly colored to warm predators of their foul taste because of the mustard oils absorbed whilst feeding.
Non-Habitat	15-23mm
Non-Habitat	"0.7-1.0"" (1.8-2.5 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"Their defense appears to be the very fast, erratic flight, and the property that the wings tear easily and allow escape"
Non-Habitat	27-32 mm
Habitat	"Spruce bogs in taiga, wet coniferous woods."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Lubero-Mulo
Non-Habitat	The female lays the egg one by one on the leaf upperside at the tip. 
Habitat	" This is a large, somewhat distinctive skipper often common in freshwater and brackish marshesalong coastal portions of the Carolinas.;  forested swamps and associated clearings andmargins"
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	"Desert and subtropical scrub, especially adjacent to washes and valleys,"
Habitat	"Open areas: fields, dunes, pinewoods, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	April - September; two generations;  Larvae fromsecond brood overwinter in individual leaf shelters.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Seasonally wet and dry tropical forest and associated edges.
Non-Habitat	"The flight ranges from ground level to the canopy, except for N. pharis, which is always low down, much like a giant Leptosia."
Non-Habitat	31-35 mm
Habitat	"Open woodlands — mesquite, juniper, oak-pine."
Non-Habitat	Annual numbers fluctuate biennially due to the fact that the larvae need two years to develop. The species is most abundant in oddly-numbered years.
Habitat	" woodland edges, oak scrub, adjacent open areas"
Non-Habitat	"[male] Fish River, Portland, Jamaica."
Habitat	"Stream edges, bogs, roadsides, open meadows."
Non-Habitat	"When danger threatens the larvae extrudefrom two receptacles situated at the back of theneck a pair of orange-coloured processes, and atthe same time the atmosphere becomes filled witha pungent odour resembling that of the oil foundin the food plant"
Non-Habitat	"Nectar of azalea, dog’s-tooth violet, and violet."
Habitat	"Many, including oak woodlands, brushy foothills, mixed conifer forests, meadows, and sagebrush flats."
Habitat	"River woods, wooded swamps, city parks, and other wooded situations. Migrants may be found in virtually any location."
Non-Habitat	The female lays the egg singly on the underside of a bamboo leaf. 
Habitat	"Open areas, including meadows, fields, deserts, suburbs, and prairies.Males patrol on flats or hilltops when available."
Habitat	"Tropical hammocks, river forests, edges."
Non-Habitat	"The female lays an egg singly on the underside of a foodplant leaf at a height over 3m above ground level. After laying an egg, the female flies for a while before laying the next one. "
Habitat	"[image] wet or moist areas where males can be seen perching prominantly within 3 feet of the ground.Damp or wet fields, marshes, prairies."
Habitat	"Open areas, sand prairies, sandy fields, wood's edges, glades, barrens, and other sites where New Jersey tea grows.Adults remain in the vicinity of New Jersey tea (Ceanothus americanus), not straying far. Males perch on high ground or ridges, stones, or twigs in wait of passing conspecific females."
Non-Habitat	The adults of most genera are characterized by their flap-and-glide flight.
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground.
Non-Habitat	The female lays 1-10 eggs at the base of an overwintering bud about 2-6m above ground level.
Non-Habitat	60-65 mm.
Non-Habitat	" different to that of other Colotis. It generallyhovers or flutters over one spot. Most Colotis are normally in a ""tearing"" hurry"
Non-Habitat	22-26 mm
Habitat	"associated with forests or adjacent open areas, often along stream courses."
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Habitat	"Mixed woodlands, open rocky slopes, meadows, and stream banks."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 12 mm
Non-Habitat	29-33 mm
Habitat	Arctic tundra.
Habitat	"Open areas near woods, barrens, taiga (?)."
Habitat	"Clearings in oak and oak-pine woodland with open grassy areas, roadsides."
Habitat	Gardens and citrus groves.
Habitat	mostly found in woodlands and old fields.
Habitat	Steep alpine rock slides and high rocky ridges with large lichen-covered rocks.
Habitat	Arid chaparral.
Habitat	"Rocky Mt. alpineMontane meadows (Calif. and Ore.), sagebrush flats, and alpine rock slides (Rocky Mts.)."
Habitat	"Hardwood hammocks, wooded swamp edges."
Non-Habitat	avidly nectar at available blooms. Males often congregate at moist ground to imbibe diluted minerals andsalts.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 12-14 mm
Habitat	"Chaparral, desert washes, canyons."
Habitat	"Undisturbed prairies, serpentine barrens. limited to native prairies"
Non-Habitat	 Apowerful flyer when it takes to the air.
Non-Habitat	110-130 mm.
Habitat	Various woods with broad-leafed trees.
Non-Habitat	"The male has a weaving flight that is slower than other swallowtails and justifies the vernacular name, flying handkerchief. The female has the slow measured flight of its model, Amauris niavius, and the dionysos form has the same flight."
Habitat	Mountains of Ariz. and sw. N.M.Moist meadows and streamsides in  mountains.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground.
Non-Habitat	The adult flies around treetops in the morning and evening when the temperature is low
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Habitat	"On or near scrub oaks in sand barrens, shale barrens, limestone ridges, and similar open areas."
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Habitat	"Woods edges, trails, willows near river courses."
Non-Habitat	25-37 mm
Non-Habitat	Females usually fly close to the ground. 
Non-Habitat	80-95 mm
Habitat	"Sunny, open or lightly forested slopes and flats, often in canyons."
Habitat	"Pinyon-Juniper woodland, mountains at low and middle elevations."
Habitat	"Shaded, subtropical hardwood hammocks and adjacent open areas, botanical gardens with ornamental cycads."
Non-Habitat	Flies high and swiftly.
Non-Habitat	only in Haiti
Non-Habitat	" 1.3-1.8"" (3.3-4.6 cm)"
Habitat	"Open grassy slopes, mountain meadows."
Non-Habitat	Not common
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid on canna (Canna spp.) and other plants in the family Marantaceae such as arrowroot (Thalia geniculata and T. dealbata).
Habitat	Disturbed or natural areas near palms.
Habitat	"Open tundra, rocky summits, saddles, and talus slopes.Males often perch along alpine ridges or rock slides."
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River. 
Habitat	"[image] Males perch and patrol on hilltops or along ridges to seek females.  Subtropical scrub, desert foothills, limestone ridges."
Habitat	"Sagebrush flats and hills, high prairie with mixed conifers."
Habitat	"Woods and edges, wooded canals."
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Non-Habitat	The species is high-flying. 
Non-Habitat	"No species are known migrants, but several are good colonists at least on a local basis."
Habitat	Woods in river valleys or near swamps and marshes.
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	Tundra and subarctic bogs.
Non-Habitat	18-21mm
Habitat	Woodland edges and trails near streams.
Habitat	Rocky slopesand meadows at or above timberline.
Habitat	Adults spend much of their time perched upside-down under large leaves in tropical forest understories or in small clearings. Males perch in sunlit patches in tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	90-100 mm.
Habitat	Dense oak forest and thickets.Males may congregate on hilltops to  locate receptive females.may be found at moist spots along streams taking moisture.
Non-Habitat	Make shelters within leaf tubes
Habitat	"Open sphagnum bogs, grassy areas with acidic soils."
Habitat	"Grassy alpine slopes, tundra, and subarctic bogs."
Habitat	especially in the arctic and higher mountains.
Habitat	"Desert and subtropical scrub, especially adjacent to washes and valleys."
Non-Habitat	Flight slow and fluttering
Habitat	"Small clearings in tropical woodlands, city flower gardens, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a quick, erratic flight and can bedifficult to follow"
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-17 mm
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	Bivoltine. Late April to mid June and early July to September
Non-Habitat	These species are 'distasteful' and avoided by predators.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly.
Non-Habitat	27-31 mm
Non-Habitat	70-88 mm.
Non-Habitat	"After hatching, the larvae feed on their own eggshells and then immediately enter hibernation, protected by a silken cocoon as well as the enclosing leaf sheath.; In spring, the larvae become active, feeding at least in the early stages within protective tubes made from rolled blades of grass held together with silk."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly host flower buds
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground during sunshine. 
Habitat	"Valleys, desert canyons, and washes."
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu-Rwenzori; Rwanda- Unspecified Locality; Uganda- Bwindi, Echuya, Mafuga"
Non-Habitat	 Adults have a rapid flight and arestrongly attracted to flowers.
Non-Habitat	May - October; two generations
Habitat	"Mountain canyons and dry open hillsides, thorn scrub, prairies."
Non-Habitat	"This species is said to occur in Matabeleland, as well as mostly in the warmer zones (of Southern Africa). "
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Brushy areas and openings near moist woods or streams, city parks."
Habitat	Open subtropical scrub.
Non-Habitat	Fw 15-18 mm
Habitat	Ravines or gulches in juniper woodland or oak-juniper woodland.Males perch in or near gulch bottoms or washes and await receptive females.
Non-Habitat	"Males often gather at wetland in groups for drinking. The newly hatched larva makes a silken pad on the leaf upperside and rests on it, and in the latter half of the instar it often rests on a twig or something else more stable than a leaf. "
Non-Habitat	Females lay their eggs during the late morning.
Non-Habitat	" 1.90-2.75"" (4.8-7.0 cm)"
Habitat	"[image]These populations are found in juniper groves. All juniper-associated populations are assumed to be Juniper Hairstreaks.Pinyon-juniper woodland, juniper forests, and planted windbreaks in hilly or mountainous situations in a wide variety of ecosystems.Usually found by tapping eastern redcedars or junipers with a net handle or pole."
Non-Habitat	May - November; multiple generations
Habitat	Prairies.
Non-Habitat	"Eggs arelaid and larvae feed on grasses including, bluegrass (Poa spp.), bentgrass (Agrotis spp.), wild oats, (Avena fatua), Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon), and stout wood reed (Cinna arundinacea)."
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Habitat	"Open areas with closely cropped vegetation, pastures, dunes, road verges."
Non-Habitat	30-36 mm
Habitat	"Desert and subtropical scrub, especially adjacent to washes and valleys,"
Non-Habitat	64-78 mm
Non-Habitat	FW 24-27 mm
Non-Habitat	The adult flies swiftly but settles on flowers. 
Non-Habitat	Both male and female visit various flowers for nectar. 
Habitat	"Streamcourses. dry gulches, city parks."
Non-Habitat	For a week in late May 1967 this species was the most common member of a mixed migration flying through Lagos (Larsen 1968).
Non-Habitat	33—44 mm (1 5/16-1 3/4 inches)
Habitat	"A wide variety of open, weedy tropical and subtropical situations."
Non-Habitat	" rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Non-Habitat	34-50 mm
Non-Habitat	"The behaviour of the Tufted Forest Sylph is like that of C. phocion, where the Common Forest Sylph (C. phocion) flies especially along forest paths, rarely rising to more than 25 cm above the ground."
Habitat	"Hardwood hammocks on FIa. Keys, river forests elsewhere."
Habitat	Coastal brackish and freshwater marshes.
Habitat	"Prairies, savannas, roadsides, wet meadows, along streams and ponds, suburban lots, disturbed areas.Males perch… often several feet above groung level."
Non-Habitat	"Small numbers participated in a large mixed migration in Lagos in late May 1967 (Larsen 1968). In December 1996 huge numbers of this butterfly spilled down paths and roads in Okomu, Nigeria with even more Belenois theora; hundreds stopped to drink from patches of urine. All flew in the same direction and there was no return flight during the three days I was there. Whether or not it was the beginning of a long-distance migration, I cannot say."
Non-Habitat	This species has a fast and direct flight and is often found traversing long stretches of savannah country without stopping.
Habitat	"in townsDeserts, woodland edges, brushy fields, city gardens."
Non-Habitat	"Flight usually slow, but can be swift when alarmed"
Non-Habitat	[larvae] shelter in tents formed of leaves tied together with silk.
Habitat	Most genera are tropical.
Habitat	Open sunny places in a variety of tropical plant formations. Migrants almost anywhere.
Non-Habitat	"Most Colotis are normally in a “tearing� hurry, unless visiting flowers or damp mud."
Habitat	"Salt marshes, open fields, dunes."
Habitat	Pine forests in most of range; mixed Douglas-fir lorests in north coastal Calif.
Habitat	"mountains and taiga Tundra in valleys, subalpine forest, and openings in coniferous forest."
Non-Habitat	" Adults scurry lowto the ground along forest trails or margins with a fast,bouncing flight."
Non-Habitat	18-23mm
Non-Habitat	"Rwanda (National endemic)- Bugesera, Karama"
Habitat	"Openings in river forests, stream valleys."
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Habitat	Moist areas along stream courses.
Non-Habitat	"high, floating flight"
Habitat	"Fields, edges, or openings with small to medium pines."
Non-Habitat	96-106 mm
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Montane willow bogs and adjacent meadows.
Non-Habitat	36-42 mm
Non-Habitat	will come to light in low numbers
Habitat	[image] Adults are usually found along the ground in various forests.Woodlands.
Habitat	"Open deciduous woods and scrub, especially along streams, open fields, and many others."
Habitat	Waste areas and deserts.
Habitat	Wooded swamps with cane.
Non-Habitat	"Like C. pomona, above, theflight of C. pyranthe is fast and powerful,although it is more likely to fly lower and slowerthan that species"
Habitat	Deciduous or mixed woods — often found along dirt  roads or open ridgetops.
Habitat	Tropical and subtropical woods and edges.
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host
Habitat	Seasonal forest or scrub in tropical lowlands.
Non-Habitat	22-30 mm
Habitat	"Old fields, bluffs, juniper forests, and breaks."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Openings  and  edges of subtropical  hammocks; often found  in nearby fields.
Non-Habitat	55-70 mm
Non-Habitat	26-34 mm (1-1 3/8 inches)
Habitat	"Except for arctic and prairie species, the butterflies are usually found in  woodlands, often those associated with streams or swamps."
Non-Habitat	24-33 mm
Habitat	tropical
Habitat	"Moist tundra, alpine meadows."
Habitat	"Open fields, moist woods, edge of Rio Grande."
Habitat	"general, varied"
Non-Habitat	"Burundi- Unspecified locality; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi, Mafuga"
Habitat	"Overgrown fields, coastal hammocks, edges."
Non-Habitat	27-30mm
Habitat	Black Spruce-sphagnum bogs.
Habitat	Tropical pine-Sabal palm scrub.
Non-Habitat	86-125 mm
Non-Habitat	"[female] La Selle Range, Haiti Sept. "
Non-Habitat	Mountains of Holarctics.
Habitat	"Usually found in birch-dominated woodlands along dirt roads, open paths, or clearings"
Habitat	"most of the colonies of the Karner Blue are found in pine barrens, well-vegetated sand hills dominated by pines and oaks."
Habitat	"Wooded areas with trees infested with mistletoe: wooded swamps, oak woods, mesquite, etc."
Habitat	"Bogs, wet meadows, wet prairies, marshes.Occuring in wetter areas than Meadow Fritikkaries. However, as one goes northward, Silver-bordered Fritillaries become more widespread and can be found in fairly dry situations."
Habitat	"Open woodlands — mesquite, juniper, oak-pine."
Non-Habitat	80-95 mm
Habitat	"Wet fields and meadows, streamcourses, and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a quick, dartingflight that is usually low to the ground."
Non-Habitat	[male] Grand Cayman. July. 
Habitat	best sought at liverwort beds 
Habitat	Open pine-barrens bogs in New Jersey; grass savannas in open pine woods farther south.
Non-Habitat	late April-June
Habitat	Heavily wooded oak belt in more heavily wooded lower canyons. Males perch on trees on hilItops.
Habitat	"InAlberta the Pearl Crescent is found on the dry prairies north to the Battle River. This butterfly is widespread in prairie grasslands, especially in brushy areas along streams, coulees and riparian woodland."
Habitat	Wet areas near ponds and swamps.
Habitat	"Thickets, woodland openings and brushy edges. This species tends to stay closer to woodlands than related species.Males perch at about 3-4 ft."
Non-Habitat	Its flight is weakly and slow
Habitat	"Usually restricted to saltbush flats.Arid canyons, alkali flats."
Non-Habitat	44-60 mm (1 9/16-2 7/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is known to be a migrant.
Non-Habitat	The Philippine subspecies is by far rarer than hamata in the area
Habitat	In Texas found along wooded canal levees.
Habitat	Stands of Jack Pine with young trees.
Non-Habitat	92-118 mm
Habitat	"Many open, lowland tropical situations including forest edges, pastures, and city gardens."
Non-Habitat	28-38 mm
Habitat	"Tall-grass prairie in Midwest, edges of coastal marshes along Atlantic Coast."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid singly and sometimes in batches
Habitat	inhabit woodlands and larger gardens.
Non-Habitat	21-23mm
Non-Habitat	One of the few skippers known to partake in mass emigrations. Also wanders north of its permanent range.
Non-Habitat	"Since the species is somewhat migratory, it may build up occasional non-permanent populations. Considerable numbers of both sexes participated in a large mixed migration through Lagos in late May 1967 (Larsen 1968). The flight is ebullient and the blue male is a pretty sight when he flies along the forest edge or along a sunlit path."
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid singly on host plant leaves or flowers.
Habitat	[image] roosts upside down under large leaves. Look for them along shaded forest streams.Tropical woods near streams or rivers.
Habitat	At the time of this writing… have declined and are found only in a few hardwood hammocks on the keys.
Habitat	Dry rocky sites in arctic or alpine environments.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	prairies dominated by Sawgrass (Cladium jamaicensis)… are the only habitat where one may find the Palatka Skipper
Habitat	"Prairies, barrens, old fields."
Habitat	"A wide variety of open situations, from woodland edges, to brushy fields, to thorn scrub."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a strong, rapid flight"
Habitat	"Woods and edges, wooded canals."
Habitat	Upper limits of tidal marshes.
Non-Habitat	[image] same caterpillar hosts as Vesta Crescent [Fog Fruit and Mat Grass]
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Require clarification."
Non-Habitat	47-53 mm
Non-Habitat	laid singly on twigs; eggs overwinter
Non-Habitat	" Resident [to the Carolinas]; This widespread northern species isrestricted to the extreme western portions of theCarolinas. The species is much less common andmore localized than its abundant relative, the GreatSpangled Fritillary, with which it is often confused."
Habitat	"Males patrol hillsides or valley bottoms.A variety of open sunny areas, usually along valleys or hillsides"
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Adults spend much of their time perched upside-down under large leaves in tropical forest understories or in small clearings. Males perch in sunlit patches in tropical forests.
Habitat	"[image] winter- or dry-season form spends more time resting in shady locations.Low areas in Iower austral and subtropical zones, including open woods, pines, open fields, and roadsides."
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Non-Habitat	The brown pupae have light and dark markings and are protected by a loose co coon in the ground litter where they overwinter
Habitat	Disturbed scrubland.
Habitat	"Open, grassy fields, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	" The Painted Lady has a rapid,erratic flight, but frequently stops to perch or nectar."
Non-Habitat	"7a [male] Velle de Polo, Dominican Republic7b [female] La Boulle, Haiti. July."
Habitat	Open headlands and low hills with heath vegetation.
Habitat	"marsh skipper.Boggy marshes, wet meadows"
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]; 
Non-Habitat	48-66 mm
Habitat	The males of most species patrol forest gaps and edges in search of receptive females.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	" 1.30-1.75"" {3.3-4.3 cm)"
Habitat	"Prairie ravines, canyon bottoms."
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be common locally"
Non-Habitat	[male] Grand Cayman. April. 
Habitat	"Open areas in  or near woods, often near streams."
Habitat	[image]Butterfly of the plains and arid Southwest.Marsh and stream edges in short-grass prairie.
Non-Habitat	70-100 mm
Habitat	" It seldom wanders far from stands of its larvalhost.; moist, shaded woodlands, dense uplandforests, stream corridors and swamp margins"
Habitat	"Acid soil habitats with heath familv plants — barrens, bogs, mixed conifer woods, sandy coasts.[image]usually perch on or near their caterpillar hosts."
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Non-Habitat	Mid March - Early November; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on twigs of host
Non-Habitat	37-47 mm
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a strong,directed flight but readily stop to nectar at the blossoms of colorful wildflowers"
Non-Habitat	"The flight is weak, often inside dense vegetation."
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies
Habitat	Moist swales on tundra.
Non-Habitat	powerful flier
Non-Habitat	"This species rarely flies spontaneously but is easily disturbed during walks in the forest, when singles fly up and usually settle within ten metres or so."
Non-Habitat	The males are strong fliers.
Non-Habitat	140-190 mm. 
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.5"" (2.5-3.8 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]; 
Non-Habitat	33-38 mm
Non-Habitat	"The flight is usually fast, especially in the grasslands, but when males are inside forest looking for flowers or females the flight is more buzzing."
Non-Habitat	There is a wet season and dry season form of this butterfly. This butterfly is generally on the wing during the NW Monsoon period. 
Habitat	Arctic and alpine tundra.flies rapidly and erratically over tundra and suddenly drops between rocks to hide.
Habitat	Tundra ridges or flat areas below summits.
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	Open areas near wooded swamps or rivers.
Non-Habitat	Both sexes fly primarily at the canopy or subcanopy level along trails and in light gapsFemales descend into large light gaps and investigate large hostplants that have lush growth
Non-Habitat	19-23 mm
Habitat	"Coastal dunes, pinewoods."
Non-Habitat	flies along shaded trails and roadcuts in a fashion similar to Parides
Non-Habitat	April - November; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	"Males patrol in search of rccently emerged females or chrysalids that are about to produce an adult,"
Non-Habitat	"Flies fast and is veryactive, often stopping briefly to visit flowersbefore moving on."
Non-Habitat	26-32mm
Habitat	"Open fields and meadows, roadsides, etc.  Prefers moist areas on rich soil."
Non-Habitat	"Schultze (1917) considers it the fastest of all Papilionidae. The highest number I have seen on a single day is five or six, mainly hurtling down tracks and rivers at furious speed."
Non-Habitat	its active flight does not allow easy capture
Non-Habitat	to 36 mm
Non-Habitat	 currently undocumented
Habitat	"Usually marshes, bogs, sandy oak barrens, dry open or wooded hillsides."
Non-Habitat	Both male and female visit flowers.
Non-Habitat	"The egg is usually laid singly on an overwintering lateral bud of the larval foodplant tree about 4-6m above the ground. On rare occasions, eggs are laid on a twig lower than 2m above ground. The number of eggs fluctuates greatly from one year to another, and almost none are found in a lean year. "
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	HABITAT: Canadian zone woods.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	When it takes flight the movement is very fast and it seems to disappear into the speckled light.
Habitat	Rock slides and hills on tundra.Males perch on hilltops to court receptive females.
Non-Habitat	eggs are also found on the underside of leaves
Non-Habitat	" 2.9-3.5"" (7.4-8.9 cm)"
Habitat	"Open areas with low vegetation in or near marshes, bogs, wet meadows, and seeps."
Habitat	"Rockfields, including rock slides… open rocky habitats usually above the timberline."
Non-Habitat	"Females lay eggs singly on leaves of perennial grasses,"
Habitat	This skipper should be watched for along sparsely vegetated slopes and valleys
Habitat	"Open areas in general, especially disturbed areas.Weedy urban and suburban lots."
Habitat	"Forest edges near streams, trees in open fields."
Non-Habitat	29-33 mm
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	May - October; multiple generations;  The developing larvae remain together and feed communallythrough the first three instars before becoming moresolitary.
Non-Habitat	31-34 mm
Habitat	" Though it prefers shady woodlands, it may show up in suburban yards or parks.; moist, rich woodlands, forest margins and clearings, stream corridors, parks and yards"
Non-Habitat	young caterpillars feed in groups.
Non-Habitat	Total length 14-16mm
Non-Habitat	"Both male and female are slow fliers, and easily captured."
Non-Habitat	20-23mm
Non-Habitat	Adults fly low among the sedges
Non-Habitat	"The adult flies over treetops which are not very high, and rests on grasses and herbs when cloudy, foggy, or under bad weather conditions. "
Habitat	Wide range of tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	25-31 mm
Habitat	[image]Males perch along gulliesGulches and creeks in mountains.Males of California Crescent perch along stream and gully bottoms.
Non-Habitat	March - Early May; single generation;  The butterfly is particularly active in late afternoon or early evening. 
Non-Habitat	Orion is a very strong flyer
Non-Habitat	23-25 mm
Non-Habitat	34-44 mm
Habitat	"Brushy areas and openings near moist woods or streams, city parks."
Non-Habitat	Migrant
Non-Habitat	"Strong flier, basks with closed wings, tilting away from sun"
Habitat	Shaded woods.
Non-Habitat	May occasionally lose its tails.
Habitat	Grassy areas near streams and marshes.
Non-Habitat	migrant
Habitat	"Many open situations— fields, marshes, dunes, thorn scrub, gardens."
Habitat	Open weedy areas in  low canyons or wasteplaces along streams.
Non-Habitat	[male] Grand Cayman. July. 
Habitat	"Only where the  larval host, wild columbine, is  found, on  limestone outcroppings, forest edges, along wooded trails, roadsides, hillsides.The species is very local, restricted to  locations where wild columbine (Aquilegia canadensis) grows.The adults do not stray far from the vicinity of the larval food plant.Males perch on low vegetation"
Habitat	"Gambel oak brush, and bur oak groves along plains rivers."
Habitat	Grassy openings in tropical woods.
Non-Habitat	They have camouflaging-protective wing colors.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 19 mm
Non-Habitat	"In PNG, azula is widespread throughout the mainland where it is rare generally, but may be locally occasional to common"
Non-Habitat	Males fly on hilltops where they patrol and aggressively defend territories. 
Habitat	Overgrown citrus groves in s. Fla.
Habitat	Freshwater marshes or bogs.
Non-Habitat	 Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Habitat	"moist, shady woods, stream corridors, marshedges and semi-open grassy areas along forest edges"
Habitat	" sunlit wooded stream margins, weedy disturbed sites, fallow agricultural land, forest edges andgardens; A butterfly of open, disturbed sites including suburbangardens, it is often found in close association with itsintroduced weedy larval host."
Habitat	habitaT: I'reshwatcr and brackish marshes. Locallyabundant on coast.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-17 mm
Habitat	Openings  and  edges  of mid-elevation   evergreen   forests   in   tropics;   known   from   several habitats in Tex.
Habitat	"Ga. mountainsMoist meadows and pastures, dry rocky ridges"
Habitat	Most genera are tropical.
Habitat	Open areas or edges in or near seasonally dry tropical forest or scrub
Non-Habitat	"Small Skippers nectar on a wide range of plants (such as thistles, knapweeds, Red Clover, Common Bird's-foot-trefoil, and vetches), but individuals preferentially forage at flowers of the same species as previously visited. However, the butterflies switch to different species if nectar rewards are low or if the abundance of their previously preferred plants is reduced. "
Non-Habitat	" They have a rapid, erratictlight but pause regularly to perch on low vegetationwhere they are easy to observe."
Habitat	"HABITAT: OjTen fields, scrub, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground near the food plant.
Non-Habitat	17-22mm
Habitat	[image]endangered by development of its hardwood habitatTropical hardwood hammocks and associated scrub.
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	"In flight it belies the vernacular name, Sleepy Orange"
Non-Habitat	The Grey Elfin skips along low down in open areas of the savannah.
Non-Habitat	41-44 mm
Habitat	shale barrens scattered along the Appalachians
Non-Habitat	At least one generation completed annually in most years; the flight period and timing of adult emergence varies seasonally and usually lasts for only a few months; in some years adults may be abundant early in the wet season.
Non-Habitat	"The adult, preferring dimly-lit places, flies actively when cloudy or in the evening twilight. This butterfly's irregular flight makes it difficult to capture. "
Habitat	Not reported.
Habitat	"Open areas in general, especially disturbed areas.Weedy urban and suburban lots."
Non-Habitat	"1.6-1.9"" (4.1-4.8 cm)"
Habitat	"They inhabit open glades of woods, ravines, stream beds, and even ditches."
Habitat	chaparral andcoastal scrub
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-18mm
Habitat	"Openings in subtropical scrub, forest edges, and adjacent fields."
Habitat	Open areas and flats.
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River. 
Habitat	"Wetlands are the primary or sole habitat for most species, and males perch in swales or other low spots,"
Habitat	Desert washes and drainages.
Habitat	"Lowland forest edges, valley bottoms."
Non-Habitat	18-24mm
Non-Habitat	"C. perimale occurs from Sulawesi and the Moluccas, through New Guinea and Australia,to the Solomons Archipelago, New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji. C. p. jeanneli is restricted toVanuatu. This was particularly notable, for example, on Epi, whereit was locally abundant, and the nearby island of Paama, where not one specimen was seen inmore than a week. Reported from Espiritu Santo, Maewo, Malakula, Epi, Efate, Erromango,Tanna and Futuna"
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, pastures, and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"Especially in windswept places, the butterflies fly amongst the tangled stems of this plant and may never leave the plant of their birth. However, they do wander – possibly even migrate – since every little isolated stand of Salvadora usually has a colony."
Habitat	"Open thorn scrub, washes, gulches, flower gardens"
Habitat	"Weedy or brushy areas along streams, washes, ditches, or roadsides."
Habitat	"Citty flower gardens, edge of river woods."
Habitat	"Spruce bogs in taiga, wet coniferous woods."
Non-Habitat	25-28 mm
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Non-Habitat	39-47 mm
Non-Habitat	" Joint Vetch, possibly otherFabaceae"
Habitat	Hardwood hammocks in s. Fla.; river forests in seasonally dry tropics.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	" Adults feed at sap flows, animaldung, rotting fungi and fermenting fruit and do not visitflowers."
Non-Habitat	"most egg-laying sites, which may contain very few LHP [larval host plant] specimens, comprise hot, dry, sunny places… and are often abundant in robust, nectar-rich plants such as thistles; Ova laid on leaves."
Habitat	Wooded swamps with cane.
Non-Habitat	The female lays one egg at a time on the leaf underside of a small twig or young seedling. 
Habitat	Coastal brackish and freshwater marshes.
Non-Habitat	"1.0-1.5"" (2.5-3.8 cm)"
Habitat	"Vacant weedy lots, suburban gardens, open woods."
Non-Habitat	The female lays an egg one by one on the leaf apex
Habitat	Forest edges and cutover second growth.
Non-Habitat	33-45 mm
Habitat	[image]endangered by development of its hardwood habitatTropical hardwood hammocks and associated scrub.
Habitat	"[image] often found in gardens and fields.Open, disturbed areas: landfills, lawns, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"A relatively small member of the family, thePipevine Swallowtail nevertheless has a strong, rapidflight."
Habitat	"HABITAT: Prairies, oldfields, pinevvoods. bogs, open meadows."
Non-Habitat	 Frequently visits flowers for nectar and joins in mudpuddling occasionally.
Habitat	"Forest edges, roadsides, old fields, wet meadows.Males perch on low vegetation"
Habitat	"Oak or oak-pine scrub, chaparral, often on sandy or rocky soils. Males perch on hilltops and ridges to await receptive females."
Habitat	"Tropical thorn scrub, dry riverbeds, abandoned fields. It perches on low plants or other objects"
Habitat	"Deciduous forests, second-growth woods."
Habitat	A local species of prairies and open grasslands
Non-Habitat	28-34 mm
Non-Habitat	" 2.5-3.1"" (6.4-7.9 cm)"
Habitat	"Arid brushlands — especially with sagebrush, dunes, pine or pine-Juniper woodland with grassy openings."
Habitat	Tropical hardwood hammock edges.
Non-Habitat	" 1.00-1.25"" (2.5-3.2 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid on the grasses purple-top (Tridens flavus) and little bluestem (Schizachyrium scoparius).
Habitat	"Rocky flats, alluvial fans, and associated washes (dry gullies)."
Habitat	Wooded swamps.
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Habitat	"associated with forests or adjacent open areas, often along stream courses."
Non-Habitat	Resident [of the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Foothill canyons and slopes, cities, and suburbs."
Habitat	"Damp deciduous woods, usually near streams or marshes; mixed transition-zone woodlands. Adults often fly in shade and characteristically perch head down on tree trunks."
Habitat	"Wet sedge meadows, marshes, bogs.Adults perch close to the ground."
Non-Habitat	Adults are mostly nocturnal and will come to lights in small numbers.
Habitat	"Colonies of common reed, usually in arid environments."
Non-Habitat	Mid June-Early September
Non-Habitat	"This subspecies occurs in the Eastern Cape, Natal, Transvaal, the Eastern districts of Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and ranges to Eastern Africa. "
Habitat	Ponderosa and lodgepole pine forests.Males patrol along streams.
Habitat	Subarctic forest openings and arctic tundra.
Habitat	"Open scrub, woodland edges."
Non-Habitat	60-70 mm
Non-Habitat	Males fly close to the ground.
Non-Habitat	48-76 mm
Non-Habitat	FWL: 22-23 mm
Non-Habitat	"A year round resident of the warm Gulf Coast and Florida, it regularly establishes temporary colonies in the Carolinas; Visitor [to the Carolinas]"
Habitat	"A variety of woods or edges with evergreen or deciduous oaks, oak hammocks in Deep South"
Non-Habitat	 This widespread eastern skipper was onceconsidered the same species as the Southern Broken-Dash.; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Tropical scrub; Lemon groves in s. Texas.
Habitat	"Woods and edges, wooded canals."
Habitat	"They occur in a variety of habitats, even in highly urban areas."
Non-Habitat	22-32 mm (7/8-1 1/4 inches)
Habitat	"Any type of open or lightly wooded terrain, especially gardens, roadsides, and agricultural lands. Also present in urban areas."
Non-Habitat	Fw 13-14 mm
Habitat	have their major populations limited to the pine scrub on Big Pine Key
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larvae align themselves side by side in parallel and rest along veins on the leaf underside. By contrast, however, after the 2nd instar until the last instar they rest on the leaf upperside. Pupation takes place on the upperside of a foodplant. "
Non-Habitat	Flight swift and weaving
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground among tussocks of the food plant.
Non-Habitat	They may undertake extensive local migrations at the beginning of the dry season in the tropics.
Habitat	"Open brushy areas adjacent to, or within, oak woodlands, especially on hilltops."
Habitat	"Both our species are strong fliers, usually found flying high over the canopy or along rivers.  Adults may occasionally be seen visiting moist sand along rivers or streams."
Non-Habitat	80-100 mm.
Habitat	"Open valley flats, open woodland, meadows, weedy areas, roadsides, gardens, prairies."
Habitat	Woods or brushy areas.
Non-Habitat	"Adult males are very territorial, challenging conspecifics in lateral aerial flights, sometimes for some distance"
Non-Habitat	18-24 mm
Non-Habitat	"It takes off with a vigorous stroke of the wings; Later it flies with soaring flight from biotope; If disturbed in flight it curves sharply upwards and increases speed. Every biotope has its rendezvous-height, where male and female hover in the wind or a rising air current and suddenly ascend together. They descend one by one and mate in bush or low vegetation. "
Habitat	"Open, sunny locales: open fields, arroyos, dunes, roadsides, thorn scrub."
Non-Habitat	 currently undocumented
Non-Habitat	"2.25-3.00"" (5.7-7.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"0.8-1.1"" (2.0-2.8 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Adults have been recorded between July and February on Madagascar. 
Habitat	The males of most species patrol forest gaps and edges in search of receptive females.
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, roadsides, pastures, marshes, and similar situations."
Non-Habitat	" the adults have arapid, erratic flight usually within a few feet of theground."
Habitat	isolated pine barrensPine-oak barrens in East
Non-Habitat	In good weather several adults fly actively above tree canopies in the morning and evening
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly over grass and other low growing vegetation within a few meters of the ground.
Non-Habitat	The newly hatched larva rests on the leaf underside from the 1st to 5th instar. 
Habitat	Pine-palmelto scrub or its edges.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	"Tanzania- Kasye, Kefu; Uganda- Semliki"
Habitat	"Damp stream courses, marshes, wet fields, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	flies only just before or during the early part of the rainy season
Habitat	"Deciduous broadleaf forests, edges, and river valleys."
Non-Habitat	Have eyes and antennae-like tails that may confuse predators so that they may catch a piece of wing rather than a whole butterfly
Habitat	"Wet meadows, marshes, or bogs."
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larva reaches the foodplant, and rests on the leaf underside in the early instars. As it grows larger, it hides near the basal areas of the foodplant. It overwinters as the 2nd or 3rd instar, hiding at the basal areas of the foodplant. "
Habitat	"Taiga, open grasslands, fens, and open sphagnum bogs."
Non-Habitat	37-47 mm
Habitat	Open oak woodland and grasslands.Males seen in w. Tex. and s. Ariz. perching on hilltops awaiting the arrival of receptive females.
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	bog species
Non-Habitat	This subspecies is found in Comoros. 
Habitat	"Slopes and summits of hills in dry virgin prairie, foothills, subalpine areas, and tundra."
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Ituri, N. Kivu; Uganda- Semliki"
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	to 36 mm
Non-Habitat	There are some 240 members of this subfamily worldwide. They are poorly represented in the Afrotropical region with just 15 species. 
Habitat	"Widespread in  open situations, fields, meadows. power-line cuts, suburbia, etc."
Non-Habitat	18mm
Habitat	"Wooded hills, prairie valleys."
Non-Habitat	Adults have a flap-and-glide flightThe males perch and occasionally patrol in search of females.
Non-Habitat	Resident Visitor [to the Carolinas]; The butterfly may be encountered year-round incoastal South Carolina and along the Gulf Coast fromTexas to Florida.
Habitat	Black Mangrove swamps and tidal flats.
Habitat	"A wide variety of open, sunny situations with suilable host plants."
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Mushari; Uganda- Bwindi, Echuya, Mafuga"
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	Broadleaf evergreen swamp forests and wet woods near rivers.
Non-Habitat	"This butterfly flies throughout the year, but is more abundant from September to March. It appears to be most active between 10h00 and 14h00. "
Non-Habitat	July - November; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Non-Habitat	"E. dina is a fast flying, zig-zagging butterfly "
Non-Habitat	Adults fly swiftly close to the ground among grass tussocks in the more open areas. 
Habitat	Coastal mangrove thickets and nearby openings.
Non-Habitat	30-37 mm.
Non-Habitat	"April - Early July; single generation; The fully grown larvae overwinter in a similar shelter at the base of the host grass clump and pupate thefollowing spring; . On the wing in late spring or earlysummer, it has but one generation each year"
Non-Habitat	Males fly close to the ground. 
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, pastures, and roadsides."
Habitat	"Widespread in  open situations, fields, meadows. power-line cuts, suburbia, etc."
Habitat	Arctic Tundra.
Habitat	Short-grass prairie.
Non-Habitat	72-85 mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves and tendrils
Non-Habitat	40-50 mm.
Habitat	"Many kinds of open, weedy habitats — cities and suburbs, gardens, power lines, marshes,road edges, etc."
Non-Habitat	Pierids regularly congregate on moist sandy areas where they probe for moisture with their haustellum (i.e. mud-puddling).
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	The female lays 10-20 eggs in a batch on the leaf underside of a foodplant. 
Habitat	"Rockfields, including rock slides… open rocky habitats usually above the timberline."
Non-Habitat	" 2.6-3.2"" (6.6-8.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	The Byssus Skipper is a butterfly of salt andbrackish water marsh edges along the Atlantic CoastalPlain from North Carolina south to Florida. Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread."
Habitat	Virgin prairie.
Habitat	"Glades, wood edges,or by streams."
Habitat	"In Mexico, openings and wide trails in a variety of mature tropical forests. 0-2700 ft.(0—800 m)."
Habitat	Marshes on prairies.
Habitat	"Pastures, brushy fields, roadsides, wooded trails."
Non-Habitat	38-40 mm
Habitat	have their major populations limited to the pine scrub on Big Pine Key
Habitat	"Open fields, valleys, and slopes."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Wide-ranging in open habitats. Woodland borders and opening, fields, gardens, meadows, etc.common in gardens"
Habitat	"Moist woodlands where the caterpillar foodplant is present.Males perch at ahout 3—4 ft., often on the hostplant, during the middle of the day."
Non-Habitat	"The flight is weak and fluttering, and this butterfly generally stays low among flowers and herbs."
Non-Habitat	Strong and swift flier
Non-Habitat	37-50 mm
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a rapid, erraticflight and frequently perch on overhanging branches ortree trunks."
Habitat	"Small clearings in tropical woodlands, city flower gardens, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly very rapidly. They typically settle, upside down with wings closed, beneath a leaf for long periods. Males frequently perch high up on the outer foliage or twigs of the food plant, 5-8 m above the ground, to establish territories. Females are usually seen flying around, or laying their eggs, on the food plant."
Non-Habitat	flying vigorously and settles frequently
Non-Habitat	"The caterpillars of some are communal, feeding in groups during their early instars."
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a weak, dancing flight and readily stop tonectar."
Habitat	"Forest edges, city gardens."
Habitat	"Moist pastures, marshes, wet areas near woods.Local and altitudinal movements are not well understoodMales establish perches on hilltops where available."
Non-Habitat	Thelarge yellow-rimmed eyespots presumably help deflectattack away from its vulnerable body.
Non-Habitat	[male] Cuba
Non-Habitat	Two or more generations completed annually. 
Non-Habitat	33-44 mm
Non-Habitat	the newly hatched larva stays on the leaf upperside until the last instar. Pupation takes place mostly away from the foodplant tree
Habitat	"Valleys, desert canyons, and washes."
Non-Habitat	 it readily ventures into nearbygardens in search of nectar.
Non-Habitat	55-71 mm
Habitat	"Moist slopes, steep ravines, pastures, dry rocky ridges."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly swiftly close to the ground. 
Habitat	"Open, weedy areas, pastures, vacant lots, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly.
Habitat	Various woods with broad-leafed trees.
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly very rapidly, usually close to the ground."
Non-Habitat	"This genus has a range that extends outside Africa, yet on the African Continent there is only a single species. "
Non-Habitat	 A weak flyer 
Habitat	"Open, sunny, weedy environments."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Mt Kele
Habitat	"confined to rocky areas on serpentine and other substrates, usually in chaparral"
Habitat	Stream valleys in  seasonal semideciduous dry  forest. Usually found at flowers.
Habitat	Edges and fields near woods and scrub.
Non-Habitat	"Univoltine, from early June to late August depending to locality and altitude."
Non-Habitat	they can be seen fluttering lazily in the sunshine. They will often settle on leavesto sun themselves
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas];  Limited entirely to the Southeast fromsouthern South Carolina to the Florida panhandle
Non-Habitat	23-32 mm (7/8-1 1/4 inches)
Habitat	"Open tundra, rocky summits and saddles, talus slopes, and frost-heaved clear-cut areas."
Habitat	"Open sunny areas: road edges, vacant lots, agricultural areas."
Habitat	"has its metropolis in the tall-grass prairie and mid-grass prairie region, but it  also occurs in wet meadows in other areas."
Habitat	"Coastal dunes, pinewoods."
Non-Habitat	I once saw a male circling furiously around a clearing created by a fallen tree.
Habitat	"Dry open areas,including weedy fields, sandy coastal flats, and hillsides."
Non-Habitat	April - October; multiple generations
Habitat	Flower gardens; tropical scrub and forests.
Non-Habitat	"Both sexes are mainly found by being flushed from their resting places low down in foliage along forest paths. They fly off for ten or so metres and settle again, but are extremely shy."
Habitat	Tundra ridges or flat areas below summits.
Habitat	"Freshwater marshes, sedge meadows, slow-moving streams or ditches."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Forest edges and cutover second growth.
Habitat	"Open, weedy fields and brush in seasonal lowland tropics."
Habitat	"Cannot survive freezing temperatures. Most often seen on warm, sunny days in late summer and early fall. Frequents brushy fields, woodland edges, coastal dunes, and even suburban gardens. Males perch on foliage a few feet above the ground to await passing females; at night they roost upside down under leaves and branches."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Lowa valley  
Habitat	"Males of our species patrol along streambeds. dirt roads, or relatively bare openings."
Non-Habitat	"0.90-1.25"" (2.3-3.2 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Cisaltaiplain, North and North-East Altai, Minusinsk lowland,West part of East Sayan; Kuznetsky lowlandand Kuznetsky Alatau Mts."
Habitat	Barren rocky areas.
Non-Habitat	Females lay their eggs on the food plant.
Habitat	"Tropical lowland to mid-eIevation forests, coffee plantations."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Black Spruce—sphagnum bogs often with larch, wet tundra."
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are usually laid singly, although those of Eumaeus are laid in clusters."
Non-Habitat	" 1.4—1.8"" (3.6-4.6 cm)"
Habitat	"A variety of situations—rocky and sandy exposed hillsides near streams or  gullies in north; pine flatwoods, towns, and citrus groves in the South.[image] often found in southern gardens"
Habitat	"Stream edges, bogs, roadsides, open fields."
Habitat	Rock slides and hills on tundra.Males perch on hilltops to court receptive females.
Habitat	"The adults are found in marshes and swamps, or along slow-moving streams and ditches."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 14-17 mm
Habitat	Marshes on prairies.
Habitat	Alpine and subalpine meadows and flowery rock slides.
Habitat	"commonly found in woodlands, gardens and fields. "
Non-Habitat	flies around its larval habitat vigorously like nymphalids
Non-Habitat	"Papaveraceae Corydalis ambigua, Corydalis speciosa, Corydalis incisa, Corydalis ternata"
Habitat	"Prairies, barrens, old fields."
Non-Habitat	"Resident Visitor [to the Carolinas];  In mild years, it might survive thewinter along extreme southern coastal portions ofSouth Carolina, but is typically a seasonal colonist;   It is oneof several migratory species in the Southeast. Duringthe fall, adults migrate southward in large numbersand overwinter in southern portions of Florida"
Habitat	Gulches and canyons.
Non-Habitat	This southeastern skipper is confined to theAtlantic seaboard and Gulf Coast from New Jersey toTexas.; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"These butterflies temporarily colonize more northern locations each summer, especially in the East"
Habitat	[resricted to] upper margins of salt marshes along the coast
Non-Habitat	[image] Males perch and patrol on hilltops or along ridges to seek females.
Non-Habitat	Rare
Non-Habitat	"many overwintering larvae are often found at the base of tall trees growing in zoological and botanical gardens, large amusement parks, etc. "
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in Northern Natal, Eastern and Northern Transvaal, Bechuanaland, parts of Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and ranges to East Africa. "
Habitat	"City flower gardens, lakes formed from cut-off river oxbows, canals, fields. During hottest part of day these skippers perch in the open on dirt roads or dry riverbeds. This is atime when only a few other butterflies, for example, Common Buckeyes, remain active in open sunlight."
Non-Habitat	60 mm
Non-Habitat	"Resident Visitor [to the Carolinas];  It regularly expands itsrange each summer, establishing temporary breedingcolonies throughout the southeast from Maryland toTexas."
Non-Habitat	" 1.9-2.5"" (4.8-6.4 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	"Open brushy areas adjacent to, or within, oak woodlands, especially on hilltops."
Habitat	"Oak or oak-pine woodland and adjacent edges, in West usually in mountains.Males do not hilltop but perch along trails or streamcourses."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu; Rwanda- Unspecified locality
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, pastures, fields."
Non-Habitat	36-46 mm
Non-Habitat	56-63 mm
Non-Habitat	This species is sometimes attracted to flowers or damp mud. 
Non-Habitat	" 0.75-1.00"" (1.9-2.5 cm)"
Non-Habitat	larvae produce a pungent odor
Habitat	Favors woodland clearings and brushy fields. Congregates at mud puddles and stream banks. Males perch on the ground or on low vegetation to wait for passing mates.
Non-Habitat	" Flies swiftly, but also spends time basking in sunshine. "
Habitat	"Mountain meadows, clearings, and bogs."
Habitat	"Various open places: brushy hills, prairie hills, and weedy pastures."
Habitat	"This is a predominantly temperate group, with most species found in mountainous or alpine habitats."
Habitat	"BorealMoist streamsides, wet meadows, springs, taiga. Found in a wide variety of situations where not resident, such as alpine tundra, towns, gardens, prairie streams, oak woodland, etc. Local and altitudinal movements are not well understood. Males establish perches on hilltops where available."
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, dry woodland, pastures, and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"Fluttering but rapid flight, and leisurely sailing at times"
Habitat	Shaded woods.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 18-20 mm
Habitat	"Open disturbed situations, brushy fields, wood edges, gardens."
Habitat	Tall-grass prairie.
Non-Habitat	Adults have a short swift flight.
Non-Habitat	Stray [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	June - August; single generation
Non-Habitat	Larvae hibernate among roots
Habitat	Tree-lined streams and canyons in  foothills and mountains.
Non-Habitat	"In Costa Rica these butterflies are rarely encountered, and all available reports indicatethat they are local and seasonal."
Non-Habitat	July - October; single generation
Non-Habitat	20-24 mm
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Non-Habitat	15-16 mm
Non-Habitat	" Adultsare strong, agile fliers "
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on or near host leaves
Non-Habitat	" 1.2-1.7"" (3.0-4.3 cm}"
Habitat	Salt marshes.
Non-Habitat	Fw 14 mm
Habitat	"Open grassy slopes, mountain meadows, usually in open pine forests."
Non-Habitat	"It is often found perching on twigs or a sheltered stem, sometimes in pairs."
Habitat	"Forest edges near streams, trees in open fields."
Non-Habitat	Most of the species are never seen much above the ground.
Habitat	Openings in woods.
Habitat	Openings in various tropical forests.
Habitat	Tropical scrub and associated edges.
Non-Habitat	Plays dead and emits strong unpleasant odor when caught
Habitat	"Tropical thorn scrub, seasonally dry forest."
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly slowly among the undergrowth, usually within several meters of the ground. "
Non-Habitat	Usually flies low. Flutters wings slowly when visiting flowers.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Moist coastal lowlands east of the Great Dividing Range. Widespread. 
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	The female lays eggs singly on the leaf underside and on dead grasses or twigs near the roots of the foodplant. 
Non-Habitat	"1.00-1.25"" (2.5-3.2 cm)"
Non-Habitat	47-60 mm
Habitat	short grass prairie
Habitat	"Foothill canyons, stream edges in prairie, gardens, less likely in disturbed areas in West. Males perch on the ground or low vegetation, usually along streams."
Non-Habitat	90-130 mm.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on underside of leaves
Habitat	"Dry roadsides and fields, usually near open woodlands."
Non-Habitat	"During the dry season populations contract to breed in moister areas, where the food plant continues to produce new foliage."
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larva enters the hollow on the leaf underside, and moves to the edges when feeding on the leaf. Pupation takes place on the leaf underside. "
Habitat	Males perch on hilltops or in glades
Habitat	Disturbed or natural areas near palms.
Habitat	"The Mulberry Wing Skipper (P. massasoit)and Broad-winged Skipper (P. viator) are more restricted in habitat selection, occurring only in bogs and marshes where their specific larval hosts grow."
Habitat	"western plains Short-grass prairie, sand hills, rocky bluffs."
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Non-Habitat	laid singly on the underside of host leaves
Habitat	Near woodland streams.
Non-Habitat	This primarily Canadian butterfly is found inportions of the central Appalachians where it is considered rare and declining. It is a rare stray or possiblyisolated colonist southward into the mountains ofNorth Carolina.; Stray [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Thorny tropical scrub.
Habitat	Tropical scrub and associated edges.
Habitat	Weedy places and gardens. Migrant on high mountains.
Non-Habitat	"Adults scurry low to the ground and frequently stop toperch with their wings held in a characteristically openposture. If disturbed, or during inclement weather,they dart away and land out of sight on the undersideof large, broad leaves."
Habitat	Open sunny places in a variety of tropical plant formations. Migrants almost anywhere.
Non-Habitat	Said to be very slow on the wing
Habitat	" open, disturbed sites including roadsides, oldfields, utility easements and fallow agricultural land"
Habitat	"During the summer, males patrol open fields or similar areas in search of females"
Non-Habitat	45-65 mm.
Non-Habitat	22-28 mm
Habitat	"Its habitat is native grasslands, particularly along river valleys and prairie creeks as well as uplands such as the Cypress Hills"
Non-Habitat	Flight is fast and deceptive with a rapid wing movement in which the tails become difficult to discern.
Non-Habitat	21-28mm
Habitat	"[image] Females are found most frequently in shady woods.[image] Males are seen most often in sunlit forest openings or forest edges.Brushy areas and openings near moist woods or streams, city parks."
Habitat	"Forest edges, city gardens."
Habitat	" Duke's Skipper is a denizenof shaded southern swamps and marshes, but mayoccasionally be encountered along wet roadsideditches if sedges are present.;  shaded swamps and marshes and moist roadside ditches"
Habitat	"Streamcourses, woodland glades, city parks, swamp forests. Migrants are seen in a  wide variety of habitats."
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	Periodically engages in mass emigrations or synchronous adult emergences in  tropics.
Habitat	Open pine woods.
Habitat	"Marshes, bogs, sedge meadows.Males patrol with a low meandering flight through sedges in their habitat.restricted to wetlands with sedges."
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	70-88 mm.
Habitat	Occurs near wetlands.
Non-Habitat	Resident and migrant
Habitat	Swamp woods or wet woods near sluggish streams. Cane stands must be present.
Non-Habitat	The Parnassiinae comprise approximately 50 species and are confined to the Holarctic region. 
Habitat	Subtropical dry and wet woods and scrub as high as 1200 m
Non-Habitat	" Flies high andfast, stopping briefly to bask on leavesof high trees."
Non-Habitat	90-110 mm.
Habitat	"Open sunny areas including gardens, roadsides, short-grass prairie, open areas near streamcourses."
Habitat	"Rocky ridges, scree slopes, and cobble beaches."
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in the Eastern Cape, Natal, Transvaal, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and ranges to tropical Africa. "
Habitat	"Clearings in river forest, overgrown orchards, weedy areas near houses.Adults roost under leaves at night."
Non-Habitat	" 1.75-2.25"" (4.4-5.7 cm)"
Habitat	Boggy or scrubby areas dominated by blueberries and other heaths. Often in recovering burns or logged sites.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	"[image]  The spectacular iridescent blue females appear at flower patches in the afternoon, presumably after laying their eggs in the morning."
Non-Habitat	June - September; single generation; Young larvae overwinter andcomplete development the following spring.
Non-Habitat	"Some of the Old World groups (such as Delias and Pieris) have been demonstrated to be distasteful to vertebrate predators and it is clear that some Costa Rican species are distasteful, as well"
Habitat	shale barrens scattered along the Appalachians
Non-Habitat	"The larvae are casebearers, carrying cut pieces of vegetation over their backs"
Non-Habitat	The female butterfly lays the egg one by one on the foodplant underside.
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Habitat	Black Mangrove swamps and tidal flats.
Habitat	Openings in subtropical forest in tropics.
Habitat	Pine-Oak Barrens
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves and flowers
Habitat	"Freshly emerged males of patrolling butterflies often taken moisture at sandy or muddy spots near streams or trails.Glades in woods in east, open fields and thorn scrub in west. Sea level to 5000 ft.(1500 m)."
Non-Habitat	35-45 mm
Non-Habitat	Females fly more slowly and frequently hover and settle in shaded areas on the food plant.
Non-Habitat	Se Canada and ne U S
Habitat	Brushy areas.
Habitat	Bogs or wet tundra.
Non-Habitat	fast flying
Non-Habitat	The larvae construct individual shelters of loose webbing on host leaves.
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	Tropical woods.
Non-Habitat	110-140 mm
Habitat	" the butterflyis more likely to be found in dryer areas of opengrassy habitat.;  open, grassy areas including roadsides, utilityeasements, old fields, meadows and pastures"
Non-Habitat	"male flies along forest edges and in light gaps, with a flight not unlike some of the Eurema species: fast, zigzag, and close to the groundamazingly fast flight"
Non-Habitat	"Leisurely, sailing flight"
Non-Habitat	33-55 mm
Habitat	Subalpine and alpine meadows.
Non-Habitat	Tanzania (National endemic)- Kungwe
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Non-Habitat	The male flies vigorously and often perches on tops of high trees to show territorial behavior.
Non-Habitat	"Periodically, adults migrate in massive numbers."
Habitat	"Several species are found primarily in wetlands (marshes, swamps, river forests) or similar moist situations."
Non-Habitat	"The female selects a large leaf on a protruding twig, and lays eggs on its underside. Leaves on low branches or densely growing small leaves are not selected for oviposition. The peak oviposition season is October to November, although fresh eggs are also found in early December. Places avoiding direct sunlight between 1.5-2.5m above ground level are most often selected for oviposition. Eggs are laid on the midvein of the leaf underside with regular intervals one after another. The interval between the eggs (measured for 80  eggs) is 2.02-2.39mm. All eggs in one group are linked with a thin line of silk on their upper corners. When the ovipositing female butterfly lays one egg after another along the midvein of the foodplant leaf, each egg probably faces a random direction even when it proceeds through the oviduct. "
Habitat	"Desert grassland, pinyon-juniper woodland."
Non-Habitat	This species always flies low down in shady places with grass.
Non-Habitat	migrant
Habitat	"Rockfields, including rock slides… open rocky habitats usually above the timberline."
Non-Habitat	[male] Haiti.
Non-Habitat	a strong and elusive flier
Habitat	Foothill canyons and arroyos.Males perch on bare branches near steep cliffs.
Non-Habitat	 The Yehl Skipper is rare to uncommon largebutterfly of southeastern forested swamps or moistwoodlands.; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	June - August; two generations
Habitat	[image] males take up perches about waist-highMany disturbed and open forest situations.
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid on the foodplant leaf underside, from several to ten together in a batch. "
Non-Habitat	41-49 mm
Non-Habitat	Lays eggs on flowers
Non-Habitat	"This butterfly occurs in the Malagasy subregion, on Madagascar and Seychelles, where it has been recorded on Astove. It is only known in Seychelles from a single male and single female. As there are no other records it is possible this species is not resident and may represent an ephemeral population. This species is widespread across Madagascar."
Habitat	"Shaded tupelo swamps in south, partially shaded marshes and ditches in Midwest."
Habitat	"Open marshes, bogs, and swamps."
Non-Habitat	Stopping to feed on flowers such as thistles and Ragged-Robin. 
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly rapidly, usually within 4 m of the ground, near the food plant. "
Habitat	"Moist areas on shaded limestone outcrops, subtropical woods."
Habitat	Va. (mountains)Ravines or gullies in rich deciduous or mixed woods or their edges.
Non-Habitat	FWL:23-26mm
Non-Habitat	fast flying
Habitat	"May be incredibly abundant in freshwater marshes and ditches.Wet open areas, ditches, marshes, sluggish streams."
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a fast, powerful flight and are gone in aflash."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground among tussocks of grasses.
Habitat	"Citty flower gardens, edge of river woods."
Habitat	"This is a predominantly temperate group, with most species found in mountainous or alpine habitats."
Non-Habitat	Tanzania (National endemic)- Mbizi 
Habitat	"Low wet meadows/marshes, especially in river flood plains."
Non-Habitat	30-34mm
Habitat	"Waste areas, deserts, coastal salt marshes. Males patrol host plants."
Habitat	Seasonal forest or scrub in tropical lowlands.
Habitat	Wet tundra with dwarf willows.
Non-Habitat	"They frequently feed from flowers, such as Pimelea, particularly females."
Non-Habitat	Females tend to be more sedentary than males and make slow flights to select sites for egg-laying. Males may patrol throughout the colony area when temperatures allow and switch to perching within territories when sustained flight is impossilile.
Habitat	Hardwood hammocks or edges in s. Fla.; evergreen or semi-evergreen forests elsewhere.
Habitat	"Open areas near woods, barrens, taiga (?)."
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, river woods, wooded swamps, brushy fields, edges."
Non-Habitat	Feeds from flowers.
Habitat	"[image] Limited to native tall-grass praires, often in reserves where it is threatened by overuse of fire by well-meaning conservationists.Native, tall-grass prairie."
Non-Habitat	"Elegant butterflies that flyswiftly along forest and woodland paths, briefly stopping to visit flowers for nectar."
Habitat	"Sparse, open woods."
Habitat	"[image]western mountains and intermountain valleys.BorealOpen areas and glades in mountains and foothills — often near streamcourses. Also taiga, prairie flats, and marshes."
Non-Habitat	"Fast flying, some sit with the front wings up and the hind wings flat."
Habitat	"Moist mountain forests and associated openings.Adults perch in forest openings or along ravines, unlike other family members."
Habitat	"[image] Adults are found in small grassy openings along small streams or in moist woods.Wet wooded swamps, shrub swamp, forest edges."
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid singly on leaf blades of Sheep's-fescue or occasionally on adjacent plants, where they pass the winter. Females are highly selective a lay most of their eggs on small tufts of foodplant growing in short turf (1-4cm tall) and often next to small patches of bare ground. Most eggs are laid next to animal tracks, old rabbit scrapes, or where there is some erosion on steep slopes or due to grazing animals. However, in hot conditions, some eggs are laid on short tufts of Sheep's-fescue growing in more closed turf.; laying its eggs on foodplants growing in the warmest positions; rarely lays on heavily nibbled tufts of foodplant"
Habitat	"Grassy alpine slopes, tundra, and subarctic bogs."
Non-Habitat	The newly hatched larvae remain gregarious until the last instar. 
Habitat	"Moist open areas, marsh edges."
Habitat	"Adults are usually found near their host plants, and they do not fly long distances."
Habitat	"Prairies, open ridges, glades in deciduous woods, waste area,"
Non-Habitat	Both male and female visit flowers for nectar. Males often gather at wetland in groups for drinking. 
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on hostleaves
Habitat	Foothill canyons and arroyos.Males perch on bare branches near steep cliffs.
Habitat	[image] Adults are more often found in forests than in open fields.Open pastures and edges of seasonally dry tropical forests.
Habitat	Moist areas along stream courses.
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Irumu-Mawambwi-Beni
Habitat	"Lowland tropical riparian forest, city parks."
Habitat	"Dense riverside woods, dry woods, cities, etc."
Habitat	"Openings in tropical lowland forests, wood edges, city flower gardens.Males perch on projecting low branches"
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Non-Habitat	caterpillars feed within shelters of several leaves sewn together with silk.
Non-Habitat	Feeds from flowers. They may also drink from moist sand along margins of creeks. 
Non-Habitat	close associations with ants and with Homoptera.
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	Males fly rapidly close to the ground. 
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Coastal plain populations
Habitat	High arctic.
Non-Habitat	"Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu, Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi, Mt Rwenzori"
Habitat	"Open areas in  or near woods, often near streams."
Habitat	"The Arctic Skipper frequents meadows, clearings and open stands of pine, mixed and poplar forests. This species may also be found in riparian forests and thickets along northem prairie streams."
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	The Bahamas and Cuba are populated by the migratory North American subspecies plexippus. 
Non-Habitat	This species has a known migratory capacity.
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread, excluding extreme western and northern parts. "
Non-Habitat	23-25 mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly host stems or leaves
Non-Habitat	"If provoked, many species are able to exclude a strong, pungent smelling secretion from prothoracic glands. In some instances, this liquid can be projected as far as 20 cm and is used as a defense mechanism. "
Habitat	" rich woodlands, stream corridors, swamp margins, forest edges and old fields"
Non-Habitat	 Rare throughoutits limited range; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Univoltine. June (late May) - August. Probably bivoltine in lowland and southern part.
Non-Habitat	" 2.2-2.8"" (5.6-7.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"Swift, powerful flier"
Habitat	"Woods edges, trails, willows near river courses."
Habitat	In the West the species is found in most boreal wooded habitats south to cen. Calif.Open boreal woodland near stream courses
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, beach dunes, second growth, pastures, etc."
Non-Habitat	Late May-Early August
Non-Habitat	"8. java occurs from Java, eastwards through Indonesia to the Solomon Islands, Australiaand the western Pacific Islands, including New Caledonia, Norfolk Island, Vanuatu, Fiji, Tongaand Samoa. B. j. peristhene is known from the Louisiades (Papua New Guinea) and NorfolkIsland, as well as the Solomons and New Hebrides Archipelagos.Its occurrence in Vanuatu is somewhat patchy and it seems to be most frequent in the south ofthe archipelago. Reported from Loh, Mota, Gaua, Espiritu Santo, Ambae, Pentecost, Malakula,Ambrym, Paama, Epi, Efate, Erromango, Aniwa, Tanna, Futuna and Aneityum."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 13-15 mm
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	Fly in forest margins or high above tall trees. 
Non-Habitat	"As usual in the Hesperiidae, the larvae spin a little tent, in this case by folding over the leaf and attaching it with silk in such a way that the nearly white leaf underside became visible."
Non-Habitat	Females lay an egg singly on the underside of the foodplant leaf.
Habitat	"Lowland tropics, thorn forest, scrub, gardens, disturbed areas."
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is a Seychelles endemic. It is endemic to the granitic islands where it has been recorded on Mahé and Silhouette. 
Non-Habitat	 Flies very fastand often seen as a flash of blue in the crown of a fig tree.
Habitat	This is a primarily tropical genus.
Habitat	"Gravelly hills, domes, low ridges."
Habitat	"In mild years, it might survive thewinter along extreme southern coastal portions ofSouth Carolina, but is typically a seasonal colonist;   It is oneof several migratory species in the Southeast. Duringthe fall, adults migrate southward in large numbersand overwinter in southern portions of Florida;  an abundantgarden visitor.;  open, disturbed sites including roadsides, oldfields, utility easements, parks and gardens"
Habitat	" Abutterfly of open areas, it frequents old fields, meadows, open woodlands and forested roadsides where itis an avid flower visitor; open woodlands, fields, moist meadows, pastures and roadsides"
Non-Habitat	April - October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	"Tanzania (National endemic)- Kampisa, Mahale, Tubira, Usondo, Wanzizi"
Non-Habitat	26-36 mm (1-1 7/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	Univoltine. Late May - July.
Habitat	"Four of these [five species] are very local, limited in their distribution to marshes, bogs, swamps, or sloughs.Within its general habitat each species tends to be very local, not often straying far from the area of its larval host plants. They will, however, visit flowering plants in nearby areas to obtain nectar."
Non-Habitat	"There were signs of some mucoid substance coated on the eggs on oviposition, and were found in batches of irregular shapes"
Non-Habitat	48-79 mm (1 7/8-3 1/8 inches)
Habitat	A common species restricted to forests.
Non-Habitat	"Flies weakly but elegantly, circling softly in sunny spots and pausing often to bask on leaves."
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	"Typical slow, sailing flight"
Habitat	"Openings and fields in wet, rich forested valleys and mountainsides. Males wander to a wider range of habitats."
Non-Habitat	 laid in large clusters ofseveral hundred on the underside of host leaves; Turtlehead serves as the primary host on which females lay eggs.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-17mm
Habitat	"Freshly emerged males of patrolling butterflies often taken moisture at sandy or muddy spots near streams or trails.Glades in woods in east, open fields and thorn scrub in west. Sea level to 5000 ft.(1500 m)."
Habitat	"Mostly found in woodlands and old fields,"
Non-Habitat	60-80 mm
Non-Habitat	30-40 mm
Habitat	"A butterfly of dry, weedy sites;  open, disturbed sites including roadsides, pastures, utility easements, vacant fields, agricultural land"
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Habitat	"During the summer, males patrol open fields or similar areas in search of females"
Non-Habitat	laid singly on the leaves of host
Habitat	"Rocky slopes and canyons, levees."
Habitat	"Pinewoods, coastal swamps."
Habitat	"They mostly occur in woodlands and old fields, but also in larger gardens."
Habitat	"Desert and subtropical scrub, especially adjacent to washes and valleys,"
Habitat	"Open moist situations, often disturbed."
Non-Habitat	71-80 mm
Non-Habitat	Fw 17-20 mm
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, fields, orchards, second growth."
Habitat	Commonly encountered at woodland edges and old fields
Non-Habitat	" Like rapae. does not spread further than Dovre inNorway and Skeleftea in Sweden, yet has been found in Lulea,Sweden and during 1972 and 1976 migrated even farther north.South of these areas it is commonly found everywhere.; "
Habitat	Rocky slopesand meadows at or above timberline.
Non-Habitat	"2.1-2.4"" (5.3-6.1 cm)"
Habitat	Male Pahaska Skippers perch on hilltops or knolls
Habitat	On or near willows along stream courses and in marshes.
Non-Habitat	20-25mm
Habitat	found only in tidal freshwater or brackish marshes near the mouths of large rivers.
Habitat	"Dry roadsides and fields, usually near open woodlands."
Non-Habitat	"The larvae construct individual shelters on the host by spinning together leaves and flowerheads with silk. Inside, the larvae safely rest when not actively feeding."
Non-Habitat	[image] Males patrol to find females.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 13mm
Habitat	"Wet, open woods along rivers and streams, open swamps; sometimes dry woods and ridgetops.[image] The males patrol through open woods, swamps, and along streams."
Habitat	"[image] In the afternoon, males perch on shrubs or low tree branches, often their host hackberry, and await receptive females.River forests and thorn scrub."
Habitat	"Open, grassy areas: fields, barrens, native prairies."
Habitat	"Grassy alpine slopes, tundra, taiga, and subarctic bogs."
Habitat	Seasonal forest or scrub in tropical lowlands.
Non-Habitat	"Males of some species patrol, and those of others perch."
Non-Habitat	65-75 mm
Non-Habitat	Univoltine. Late May - early August according to altitude and locality
Habitat	Moist areas near shaded wood edges.
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	Resident Visitor [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	The adult flies in open grassy fields
Habitat	"open brushy fieldsBrushy fields, prairies, woodland edges, etc. and salt marshes (in Mass.)"
Habitat	"[image] Adults are found in small grassy openings along small streams or in moist woods.Wet wooded swamps, shrub swamp, forest edges."
Habitat	The adults are found near colonies of their hosts
Habitat	"Meadows, mountainsides, and forest openings."
Habitat	shale barrens scattered along the Appalachians
Habitat	Wide range of tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	33-45 mm (I 5/16-1 3/4 inches)
Non-Habitat	"A few are persistent migrants, with B. aurota and B. creona sometimes moving in ""snow-storm"" numbers."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Moist tundra.
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid singly
Non-Habitat	"Larvae build a series of tents, formed by spinning together the edges of leaves, which protect them as they grow. They leave these shelters only to make brief feeding visits to nearby leaves or to move and spin new shelters. "
Habitat	"Open fields, dry washes, dunes, pastures, river courses, and other open areas."
Non-Habitat	"Caterpillars roll leaves or build silken leaf nests, living and pupating within these shelters, at least partially protected from predators and parasites. They often emerge at night to feed."
Habitat	habitaT: I'reshwatcr and brackish marshes. Locallyabundant on coast.
Habitat	"Open areas—fields, gardens, waste areas, marshes. Sea level to 7000 ft.(2150 m)."
Non-Habitat	 They are extremelyfond of flowers and often congregate at damp ground.It typically rests and feeds with its wings closed
Habitat	" woodland edges, oak scrub, adjacent open areas"
Non-Habitat	The males of most species patrol forest gaps and edges in search of receptive females.
Habitat	"Desert thorn scrub, open waste areas."
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	male notoriously aggressive in territorial defence.
Non-Habitat	Mid June-Early August
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid singly on the end bud or leaf scar. 
Non-Habitat	" They have a moderately slow dancing flight. Unlike most other blues, they are oftenencountered fluttering high among the branches oftrees and shrubs."
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Assiniboia is found throughout the prairie grasslands and more locally in the aspen parklands north to the boreal forest near Redwater. Isolated populations occur in the Peace River region, mostly along the Peace River. Adults occur in prairies, grassy valley sides, aspen parkland and sand dune areas in the boreal forest. Adults of H. c. manitoba are found in mountain meadows, along roads and other clearings at elevations below treeline."
Non-Habitat	Males patrol and settle on leaves of the food plant.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly at the base of host needles
Non-Habitat	Resident [of the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	actively repeats flight and resting
Habitat	Arctic tundra.
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	"Flight is erratic; butterfliesfly in an apparently haphazard manner along open paths,disappearing into the forest when they encounter anobstruction and reappearing further along the path."
Habitat	Grassy openings in tropical woods.
Non-Habitat	"The larvae are brightly coloured, ringed with contrasting bands, and with a red head. In fact, they are rather similar to those of the Danainae, though lacking tubercles; the ornamentation is difficult to interpret as being aposematic since most larvae hide in leaf-shelters during the day and mainly eat at night."
Habitat	"Low wet meadows/marshes, especially in river flood plains."
Non-Habitat	"Flight sailing, close to the ground"
Non-Habitat	Both male and female fly actively in the dimly-lit forest and at sundown.
Habitat	"fields, rich woodlands, stream corridors, gardens "
Habitat	"Native short-grass prairie, aspen parkland."
Non-Habitat	Males fly and perch high in the canopy near the top of the food plant.
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Habitat	Arctic Tundra.
Non-Habitat	Fw 10 mm
Habitat	" Unlike manybutterfly species, it is at home in more urban locationssuch as parks, gardens and even landscape nurserieswhere its ornamental larval hosts are commonly found.;  open, disturbed sites and urban areas"
Habitat	Dense woods with cane growth.
Non-Habitat	33-38 mm
Non-Habitat	" 2.00-2.75"" (5.1-7.0 cm)"
Habitat	Males perch close to the ground in swales or open weedy areas.
Non-Habitat	Univoltine. From late May - mid June to July - early August
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Habitat	"Foothill canyons and slopes, cities, and suburbs."
Non-Habitat	Late April - October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	22-29 mm
Habitat	"[image] This butterfly is found in disturbed pastures and roadsides in the East and is spreading southward. In the West it is limited to native mountain meadows.Moist meadows, pastures, hayfields. Unusual among lesser fritillaries in its ability to adapt to disturbed habitats."
Non-Habitat	30-40 mm
Habitat	[image] Adults are more often found in forests than in open fields.Open pastures and edges of seasonally dry tropical forests.
Habitat	"Juniper, pinyon-juniper, and pinyon woodlands. Males patrol along hillsides and depressions; occasionally found along canyon bottoms or streams."
Habitat	"Mostly found in woodlands and old fields,"
Non-Habitat	29—40 mm {1 1/8-1 9/16 Inches)
Habitat	Oak woodlands.Males perch on hilltops.
Habitat	"Moist pastures, fens, marshes, bog edges, damp meadows."
Non-Habitat	"The species is a strong flier, which must aid in repopulating burned sites."
Non-Habitat	95-105 mm.
Habitat	Rocky canyons.
Habitat	Forests adjacent to river courses.
Non-Habitat	"Late August - October; single generation;  A late season species, it produces asingle generation each year that emerges in mid tolate August and continues flying well into September."
Habitat	Acid bogs with cranberries.Not usually found in commercial cranberry bogs due to the use of pesticides.
Habitat	tropical found in open areas and along forest edges. The adult males cluster on moist sand along rivers and streams.These butterflies may partake in extensive migrations often noted along coastlines. The adults may appear far to the north of their usual habitats.
Non-Habitat	" Like several other members of thefamily, the larvae construct individual shelters on thehost by weaving together one or more leaves with silk."
Habitat	"HABITAT: Foothill canyons, mesquite grasslands, and dry arroyos."
Non-Habitat	This species is found mostly in the warmer zones (of Southern Africa).
Non-Habitat	patrolling
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-16 mm
Non-Habitat	" 0.75-1.00"" (1.9-2.5 cm)"
Habitat	They are locally common in woodlands and larger gardens.
Non-Habitat	This taxon is endemic to Seychelles where it has been recorded on Aldabra and Astove. This butterfly has a narrow distribution. 
Non-Habitat	"The young larvae are black with a white band, resembling bird droppings, but after their second moult they become bright green with conspicuous black and orange rings. When disturbed, they erect a bright orange osmaterium from behind the head, which emits a pungent smell resembling pineapple. "
Non-Habitat	25-30 mm (1-1 3/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	 This fairly large golden orange skipper isfound throughout the Southeast from Texas to NorthCarolina; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"[image] They undergo periodic vast migrations.Migrates and found regularly north to Colo., Neb., and Ky."
Non-Habitat	Fw 14-15 mm
Habitat	"Open, sunny situations —open fields, dunes, roadsides, thorn scrub.[image] Male Common Buckeyes often perch and patrol along dirt roads, bare open areas, and sand dunes. …They may occasionally participate in migrations- often along caostlines."
Non-Habitat	deceptive flight
Habitat	"[image] Adults are found in small grassy openings along small streams or in moist woods.Wet wooded swamps, shrub swamp, forest edges."
Habitat	"woodland-dwelling, Grapevine Epimenis is often found at woodland edges, best sought in flowery meadows and open woodlands"
Non-Habitat	slow fliers
Habitat	"Open, weedy areas."
Non-Habitat	24-30 mm
Non-Habitat	"Some of the old world genera (Charaxes,Euxanthe) have well-developed teeth on the costa of the forewing, used in defense against predators and in male-male interactions"
Habitat	"Pine barrens, oak savannah, open sandy scrub."
Non-Habitat	66-74 mm
Habitat	"Various open places; thorn scrub, deserts, brushy hills, prairie hills, and weedy pastures."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Habitat	"Second growth or scrub habitats in tropical lowlands. Vacates seasonally dry habitats, and large migrations have been seen in the tropics"
Habitat	"Mixed oak scrub, prairie valleys, hedgerows."
Non-Habitat	The species is migratory and reaches the upper Midwest in late summer and flies into the fall.
Habitat	"habitat: Short-grass prairie knolls, limestone openings, and swales."
Non-Habitat	Rapid flight but settles quickly on the ground if the sun is temporarily obscured by a cloud.
Habitat	Subtropical woods and scrub.
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread."
Habitat	"Wet meadows, marshes, and bogs."
Habitat	"It is a frequent garden visitor;  savannas, pastures, pinelands, roadsides, oldfields, utility easements, coastal areas and gardens"
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, oldfields, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	Resident [of the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	Habitat includes the eucalypt woodland inland of the Great Dividing Range. Widespread. Range has recently exanded to Victoria and South Australia due to planting of cultivated and garden Citrus trees. 
Non-Habitat	"Its rapid, buzzing flight can make it difficult to follow."
Non-Habitat	not frequently encountered
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid singly on the upperside of a foodplant leaf.
Habitat	Moist swales on tundra.
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Semliki
Non-Habitat	"Here E. senegalensis shows a distinct tendency to fly higher, while E. hecabe stays low down ."
Non-Habitat	"Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Unspecified locality; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Tanzania- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi, Echuya, Mafuga, Mt Rwenzori"
Non-Habitat	20-25 mm
Non-Habitat	"most insectivorous animals avoid because of their unpleasant taste; caterpillars feed on milkweeds and nightshades, plants that have acrid milky poisonous juices from which the protection of both caterpillar and butterfly is derived."
Habitat	"Rocky canyons in oak-pine woodland, especially in  limestone formations.Adults perch on ground, often on rocks"
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a quick, bobbing flight and maneuver closeto the ground through the forest understory, makingthem a challenge to follow"
Non-Habitat	47-53 mm
Habitat	Tropical rain and cloud forests.
Non-Habitat	Strong flier
Non-Habitat	" it maneuvers close to the groundwith a rapid, darting flight."
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Bwindi
Habitat	"Wooded areas including suburbs, oak woods, deserts, pinyon-juniper forest."
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is a very rapid and erratic flier. 
Non-Habitat	"Leisurely, sailing flight"
Habitat	"Residential areas, weedy fields, thornscrub, edges."
Habitat	"Coniferous or mixed woods often near streams. Wanders to many other habitats, including alpine tundra, towns, plains river woods, and prairies."
Habitat	"Stream courses, dry gulches. city parks.[image] Males perch and patrol along stream-courses, washes, or small clearings."
Habitat	" fescue grassland and in aspen parkland and foot hills, often on ridge tops and hillsides.  It can also be found in low elevation grasslands of the mountains."
Non-Habitat	" Adultshave a low, weak flight and maneuver slowly along theforest floor"
Non-Habitat	"Green and minutely hairy, allowing for excellent camouflage."
Habitat	"Damp, wooded ravines."
Non-Habitat	April - November; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	"Adults repeat flight and rest, and show active chases and oviposition. "
Non-Habitat	The flight is rapid. Contrary to B. aurota and B. creona it is not strongly migratory.
Habitat	"Low desert valleys, dry washes, alluvial fans, and lower canyons."
Non-Habitat	"On fully grown foodplant trees, the female butterfly lays 1-2 eggs on small twigs about 4-5m above ground level. "
Habitat	"Oak woodland, oak-juniper woodland, mesquite, ravines.often found on hillsides or along ravines in or near shade."
Non-Habitat	flying close to the ground
Habitat	"Gullies, stream bottoms, foothills."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have an erratic, bouncing flight and travel low through wetland vegetation,stopping frequently to perch. Even when disturbed,they typically fly only a short distance before alightingagain."
Habitat	Short-grass prairie.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly in the understorey close to patches of grass. Females settle fly rapidly close to the ground. 
Non-Habitat	"I once saw quite a few coming to the red flowers of a root parasite on a giant fig in deep forest at Boabeng-Fiema in Ghana at 08.30 hrs; their flight had a clearly audible buzzing sound, clearly announcing their presence."
Non-Habitat	25-35 mm
Habitat	Seasonal mid-elevation tropical forests and edges.
Non-Habitat	Females fly closer to the ground in proximity to the food plant.
Habitat	"Openings in subtropical scrub, forest edges, and adjacent fields."
Non-Habitat	Migrant
Non-Habitat	eggs laid singly and somewhat haphazardly on or host leaves
Habitat	"Open areas with closely cropped vegetation, pastures, dunes, road verges."
Habitat	"Moist weedy fields, swamp edges, parks."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 18-19 mm
Non-Habitat	39-43 mm
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies
Non-Habitat	The species of this genus are generally slow fliers. 
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid in batches
Non-Habitat	" 1.25-1.75"" (3.2-4.4 cm)"
Habitat	"Pastures, dunes, forest edges in subtropical and tropical zones."
Non-Habitat	"In the Houston area, the caterpillars utilize arrowleaf sida, also called axocatzin, webbing together leaves to build shelters."
Habitat	Evergreen or semideciduous forest and hammocks.
Non-Habitat	23-27 mm
Habitat	Pine-Oak Barrens
Habitat	"City flower gardens, lakes formed from cut-off river oxbows, canals, fields."
Non-Habitat	slow
Habitat	"Foothills, short-grass prairie valleys.A typical short-grass prairie species."
Habitat	"Lowland tropical forests, usually deciduous or semideciduous. Sea level to 1000 ft. (300 m)."
Habitat	Pine-Oak Barrens
Habitat	"In tropics, seen especially at mid-elevation forests."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Woodlands near streams and rivers, wooded suburbs."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly in sunny patches or openings. Males fly in the upper or mid canopy. Females fly closer to the ground near the food plant.
Habitat	"haDry rocky ravines, wood edges, yards, gardens."
Non-Habitat	will visit lights in small numbers
Habitat	"Openings and meadows in moist valleys in conifer forests.Habitats are destroyed in periodic fires, and butterflies recolonize slowly."
Habitat	"Oak woodland and thickets, oak-juniper woodland, and oak-pine woodland. Males perch along paths, streambeds, and depressions, where they awaitreceptive females."
Habitat	Groves of Gambol oak.
Habitat	" Rare and extremely localized, it is an inhabitantof coastal saltwater marshes but may occasionally hefound in inland wetlands.;  coastal salt marshes, some inland freshwatermarshes"
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Late April - October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	35-42 mm
Habitat	Gardens and citrus groves.
Non-Habitat	"Tanzania (National endemic)- Kefu, Lubalizi, Mishamu "
Habitat	"The alpines are limited to subalpine, alpine, and arctic habitats throughout the Northern Hemisphere. Most species are found in mountainous Eurasia. In eastern North America six  species occur, primarily in boreal portions of eastern Canada, but two bog species (E. disa and E. discoidalis)Males patrol low over grassy vegetation"
Habitat	"Openings in river forests, stream valleys."
Habitat	tropical found in open areas and along forest edges. The adult males cluster on moist sand along rivers and streams.These butterflies may partake in extensive migrations often noted along coastlines. The adults may appear far to the north of their usual habitats.
Non-Habitat	The flight is lower down than in Gorgyra.
Non-Habitat	Fw 27-28 mm
Habitat	usually found in arid or boreal habitats.
Non-Habitat	The caterpillars live and feed within webbed leaf shelters.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground during sunshine.
Habitat	"Seasonally dry scrub, forest edges, pastures."
Non-Habitat	"Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Lake Tanganyika shores; Tanzania- Gombe, Kigoma, Mahale"
Habitat	Subtropical scrub and desert.
Non-Habitat	 Males are frequently encountered puddling at moist areas.
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Kalinzu-Maramagambo
Non-Habitat	FWL: 19-22 mm
Habitat	"Open woodlands — mesquite, juniper, oak-pine."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, erratic flight and frequentlystop to nectar at available flowers"
Habitat	" dry woodlands, pinelands and scrub; Males perch on vegetation along trails or clearings andactively defend their territory."
Non-Habitat	"The males are quite pugnacious, often taking part in aerial duels with nearby males."
Habitat	Arctic tundra.
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid singly
Non-Habitat	46-54  mm
Habitat	"Mountain meadows, moist prairie valleys."
Non-Habitat	"The flight is more powerful and higher above the ground than usual in the genus, often around Boscia-trees."
Habitat	Pine forests in most of range; mixed Douglas-fir lorests in north coastal Calif.
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Habitat	"Open areas with closely cropped vegetation, pastures, dunes, road verges."
Non-Habitat	" Fond of flowers, the adults sit quietly on available blossoms"
Non-Habitat	The adults of this species fly about with great speed.
Habitat	"Wet and dry tropical forests from sea level to 1,000 m."
Non-Habitat	Late April - October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	"The larvae hatch in early spring and feed in small silken webs around the foodplant.; They pupate at ground level, deep within small grass tussocks and surrounded by loose silken cocoons."
Non-Habitat	 The Ceraunus Blue scurries erraticallyamong low-growing vegetation and may be easilyoverlooked.
Habitat	"Openings in subtropical scrub, forest edges, and adjacent fields."
Habitat	Found mostly around wetlands
Non-Habitat	Builds a series of tents that protect them as they grow.
Habitat	Tropical woods near streams or rivers.
Habitat	"Tropical forest clearings, roadsides, gardens, pastures."
Habitat	"Damp deciduous woods, usually near streams or marshes; mixed transition-zone woodlands. Adults often fly in shade and characteristically perch head down on tree trunks."
Habitat	"Open areas with low shrubs, found in native situations much more often than Eastern Tailed-Blue."
Habitat	Foothill woodlands and canyons.
Non-Habitat	"female is active flying above the forest canopy and along ridgetops.Males fly in the early afternoon in the forest,and patrol patches of flowers"
Habitat	"A swallowtail of open areas, especially of disturbed habitats; fields, meodows, tidal marshes, and suburban lawns.Has adapted well to suburban and urban environments.hilltopping species"
Habitat	Males… are found along gullies and stream courses
Habitat	Seasonal lowland tropical forests and nearby openings and edges.
Non-Habitat	This species is attracted to flowering bushes. 
Non-Habitat	"Males fly rapidly and often gather on hilltops and ridges, especially in the more open areas towards dusk. They frequently settle on foliage of trees in the mid-canopy."
Non-Habitat	19-23 mm
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in the Cape, Natal, Transvaal, the Free State, Bechuanaland, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique. The species is widespread."
Habitat	found in densely forested swamps or along wooded streams. The males perch and patrol chiefly in the shade or in the open at dusk or on overcast days. They often rest on tree trunks.
Habitat	" shady woodlands, forest edges and adjacentopen areas"
Non-Habitat	32-40 mm
Habitat	usually found in arid or boreal habitats.
Non-Habitat	Larsen (1990) believes it disperses widely from the Afrotropics
Habitat	A local species of prairies and open grasslands.
Non-Habitat	" 1.5-1.9"" (3.8-4.8 cm)"
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	65-75 mm
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly usually very close to the ground among grass tussocks in open sunny patches. Males patrol or settle in sunny clearings.
Habitat	"Shady gardens, openings along streams, foothill canyons."
Non-Habitat	" 2.5-4.2"" (6.4-10.7 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"The adult flies actively over sunny, well-lit mountain slopes. "
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	31-51 mm
Habitat	"Barrens and open woods on native hosts, highway shoulders, railroad beds, upland fields on Crown Vetch.This butterfly has rapidly expanded its range and abundance by colonizing the plantings of Crown Vetch along highways, interstates, and railroad beds."
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a strong, directedflight but readily stop to nectar at colorful wildflowers"
Habitat	Coastal mangrove thickets and nearby openings.
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National edemic)- Uvira
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	"Sagebrush flats, prairies, mountain summits."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Mushari
Non-Habitat	darting out at passing insects
Non-Habitat	82-92 mm
Non-Habitat	May - October single generation
Non-Habitat	62-80 mm
Non-Habitat	40-45 mm.
Habitat	Seasonally dry subtropical woodland and thorn scrub.
Habitat	Openings and edges of mid-elevation evergreen forests in tropics; known from several habitats in Texas.
Habitat	Shaded woods.
Non-Habitat	"Slow, buzzing flight."
Non-Habitat	"Our tropical and subtropical species (Brephidium, Hemiargus, and Leptotes) are exceptional, since their species may undertake long migrations and are often long-distance colonists."
Habitat	"Bogs, wet meadows, wet prairies, marshes.Occuring in wetter areas than Meadow Fritikkaries. However, as one goes northward, Silver-bordered Fritillaries become more widespread and can be found in fairly dry situations."
Habitat	"Open grassy slopes, watercourses, and ravines in oak and mixed foothill woodlands."
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Habitat	"Openings near streamcourses, second-growth scrub, and mixed woods with clearings."
Non-Habitat	"The female prefers larval foodplant trees growing along valleys for ovipositing, and it lays a single egg at a time on the tip of a mature hard leaf on the upperside."
Non-Habitat	"They are marvellous flyers, manoeuvring expertly through tall grass stems. Males appear to establish territories and will dart off a favoured perch to investigate any butterflies that approach. Females are more sedentary than males and make slow deliberate egg-laying flights. "
Non-Habitat	Flight is close to the ground
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Habitat	"Foothills, gardens. river forests in plains."
Non-Habitat	Univoltine. Late May - mid July according to altitude and locality
Habitat	" Often spotty and localized, it prefersmoist, shaded habitats;  wooded swamps, moist, grassy glades, streamcorridors and forest margins"
Non-Habitat	Carassulaceae and Sedum kamtschaticum
Habitat	 This attractive diurnal moth can often be found flitting among low plants in bogs.
Non-Habitat	The flight of this species is always low down.
Non-Habitat	 laid in clusters on host leaves or twigs
Habitat	Black Mangrove swamps and tidal flats.
Non-Habitat	22-32 mm
Non-Habitat	"Both male and female visit flowers of many plant species, and feed on nectar. The males sometimes descend to wetland and drink water in groups. "
Habitat	"Barrens and open woods on native hosts, highway shoulders, railroad beds, upland fields on Crown Vetch.This butterfly has rapidly expanded its range and abundance by colonizing the plantings of Crown Vetch along highways, interstates, and railroad beds."
Habitat	"Wide variety of open situations including forest openings, prairies, and power-line cuts."
Habitat	"Tropical forest clearings, roadsides, gardens, pastures."
Habitat	"[image] Adults are found only in forests near their caterpillar host Switch Cane.Usually dense moist woods near periphery of large swamps, but dense upland forests in s. Appalachians."
Habitat	Wooded canals.
Non-Habitat	33-35 mm
Non-Habitat	" The butterfly has a low, skipping flight and quickly darts along trails or clearingsoccasionally stopping to nectar; Males perch on the ground or low on vegetation and quickly speed out to engage rival males orpassing females"
Non-Habitat	30-38 mm
Non-Habitat	25mm
Non-Habitat	"The occasional D. gilippus that reach the Lesser Antilles at times are referable to subspecies xanthippus Felder 1860, and probably originate in Trinidad or Venezuela. "
Habitat	"Wet woods, usually near streams or swamps."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	lives on volcanos in Guatemala.
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, old fields, pastures, roadsides."
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Habitat	"Mountain meadows, moist prairie valleys.the one [species in the genus] most likely in high mountain habitats."
Non-Habitat	"it takes off in a low, erratic flight"
Habitat	Woods or brushy areas.
Non-Habitat	 The Eastern Tailed-Blue is generally abundant throughout most of the eastern United States.; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	" open upland woodland, forest edges and clearings, barrens and old fields;  It is a rare to uncommon butterflythroughout its range and typically found in isolated,sporadic colony sites. In the Carolinas, the MottledDuskywing can be encountered in habitats where theterrain is somewhat hilly and undulating"
Non-Habitat	"Ova laid on floret-stem or calyx, or close to tips of filamentous leaves of plants so structured. "
Habitat	Oak-pine and deciduous forests.
Habitat	[image]endangered by development of its hardwood habitatTropical hardwood hammocks and associated scrub.
Habitat	Lowland palmetto scrub.
Habitat	"Weedy or brushy areas along streams, washes, ditches, or roadsides."
Habitat	Tropical scrub; Lemon groves in s. Texas.
Habitat	Moist tundra.
Non-Habitat	41-53 mm
Non-Habitat	40-55 mm.
Non-Habitat	 fly quickly in the space of relative low elevation above ground level... and frequently settle under the leaves of the plants.
Non-Habitat	In the early stages the larvae live in little clusters of 4-7.
Non-Habitat	22-24 mm
Habitat	Arid situations.
Non-Habitat	 eggs laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"moist woodlands, stream corridors and associated shady grassy areas"
Habitat	"Parks, roadsides, hedgerows."
Habitat	A local species of forests.
Habitat	A common species restricted to forests.
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Habitat	[image] Adults are usually found along the ground in various forests.Woodlands.
Habitat	"[image] tropical lowlandsEdge of brushy areas, trails, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	 laid in large clusters on underside of leaves
Habitat	"Subtropical scrub, woodland edges, and brushy fields"
Non-Habitat	The adult flies slowly
Non-Habitat	Slow sailing flight
Non-Habitat	Late May-Mid September
Non-Habitat	"[higher, less rapid flight than Spicebush Swallowtail]"
Habitat	"Tropical forests, especially near stream courses."
Non-Habitat	Adults usually fly close to the ground among grasses.
Non-Habitat	18-22mm
Non-Habitat	26-32 mm (1-1 1/4 inches)
Habitat	Near oaks.
Non-Habitat	22-27 mm
Habitat	"Open grassy slopes, mountain meadows, usually in open pine forests."
Non-Habitat	"They feed from flowers, such as Lantana on roadsides."
Non-Habitat	This species is a slow flier. 
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid on columbine
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	26mm
Habitat	" deciduous forests, moist woodlands, forestedges and adjacent open areas"
Non-Habitat	highly territorial and chases away intruders of any species
Habitat	Freshly emerged males gather at moist sand or mud along streams or rivers.
Habitat	"Coastal dunes, pinewoods, old fields"
Habitat	Fields and sunny areas near coast.
Non-Habitat	Strong migrant.
Habitat	Oak woodland.
Habitat	Openings in western Jack or Lodgepole pine forests.
Habitat	"Sunny, open or lightly forested slopes and flats, often in canyons."
Non-Habitat	Males fly swiftly close to the ground. 
Non-Habitat	"The flight is always low down, except for E. senegalensis, which feeds on Acacia-creepers and therefore flies higher."
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Altai, West and East Sayan, Tsagan-Shibetu Mts., West TannuOlaMts., Academician Obruchev Mts., Bolshoy Sayan and Tunkinskie GoPtshy Mts."
Habitat	"Streambeds, dry washes in sagebrush-juniper woodland."
Non-Habitat	April - October; two or three generations;  Larvae from the lastgeneration overwinter and complete development inthe spring.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly throughout the day. During hot conditions they rest upside down in shade beneath a leaf or other objects. Males perch on leaves on the outer foliage of shrubs 2-6 m above the ground to establish territories. 
Habitat	"Usually marshes, bogs, sandy oak barrens, dry open or wooded hillsides."
Habitat	HABITAT: Canadian zone woods.
Non-Habitat	45-70 mm
Non-Habitat	33-37 mm
Habitat	"Ravines, canyons, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	Flies high.
Habitat	Open fields and pastures in  tropical lowlands.
Habitat	"Open montane, often rocky, flats and hills; moist areas near streams."
Non-Habitat	"The larvae and adults of this common butterfly are distasteful and emetic to birds, their would-be predators."
Habitat	Woods edges and clearings near swamps and rivers.
Non-Habitat	 Itstops to nectar at colorful flowers and is an abundantgarden visitor.
Non-Habitat	29-34 mm
Non-Habitat	All are low-flying butterflies.
Habitat	Virgin prairie.
Habitat	"Ridges with open pine, pine-juniper, or oak-juniper woodland. Males perch on hilltops to await receptive mates. Males will occasionally fly to valley bottoms to  seek moisture at  wet spots."
Habitat	"Openings in woods near streams, shale barrens, marsh edges."
Non-Habitat	100-120mm
Habitat	"[image] tropical lowlandsEdge of brushy areas, trails, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	36-47 mm
Habitat	"Ravines, canyons, roadsides in juniper or oak-juniper woodland."
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Non-Habitat	49-59 mm
Non-Habitat	30-35 mm.
Non-Habitat	The larva hid itself on dead leaves
Non-Habitat	"In a large tree, the egg is laid singly at the basal area of an end bud or lateral bud or at a place about 3cm in diameter of a branchlet."
Habitat	Coastal plain populations
Habitat	Males are reported to patrol slowly near or above grassy areas. Males nectar at low plants with small flowers. This skipper should be watched for along wet grassy areas near standing or slowly moving water.
Habitat	Prefers the edges and glades of rocky deciduous woodlands in the vicinity of brooks and other water sources.Look for this elegant satyr near the end of the day in the dappled light of dirt roads and trails through rocky damp woodlands. Often alights on tree trunks with its head facing downward.
Habitat	Fields and sunny areas near coast.
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies… are the primary stronghold for the Regal Fritillary
Habitat	"Second-growth scrub, forest edges."
Habitat	Our Asterocampas usually live in forests or along rivers. When they wander they may be found in cities or suburbs.often perch very high on branches of their host trees.
Non-Habitat	"It overwinters as the 3rd-instar larva, which makes a silken pad beside treetrop winter buds and rests on it. "
Habitat	"Open woods and edges, power-line rights of way, wooded swamps, open fields."
Non-Habitat	Resident Visitor [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"Males of most species patrol in search of mates, while males of one group, represented by the  Black, Ozark, Short-tailed, Baird's, Old World, and Anise Swallowtails in our area, perch on hilltops or ridges instead of patrolling."
Non-Habitat	 They regularly venture downto nectar at a variety of small-flowered blossoms.
Non-Habitat	"arbors, baby carriages(애기수레) and rhododendrons"
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	"Its bright colours and bold patterns are aposematic (warning) signals, indicating that the butterfly is toxic, hence unpalatable to predators."
Habitat	"Many open situations: fields, marshes, forests, suburbs, prairies, dunes, thorn scrub, gardens."
Non-Habitat	"Females have been observed laying eggs on Torgrass (B. pinnatum) and Wood Small-reed (Calamagrostis epigejos).; Eggs are laid singly on the undersides of leaves of the foodplants growing in sunny, sheltered spots, and hatch after about two weeks."
Habitat	"Moist pastures, marshes, hog edges, damp meadows."
Habitat	Tropical scrub and associated edges.
Habitat	"Moist, rich, deciduous woodland or mature mixed woods."
Habitat	Adult males take up perches in late afternoon — often on promontories or in the lee of large trees.
Habitat	"A variety of open habittits, alfalfa fields, lawns, fields, road edges."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	28-33 mm
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid on the larval hosts, which include finger-grass (Digitaria spp.), Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon), and in the tropics sugarcane and other grasses"
Habitat	"[image] Male perching on leaf along small streamWoodlands, usually deciduous, near slow-moving or swampy streams.Adults are usually found near woolly aphid colonies;"
Habitat	Foothill woodlands and canyons.
Habitat	"Open, grassy areas: fields, barrens, native prairies."
Habitat	" This argument is fueled by the species'unique preference for open, disturbed habitats and primary use of a weedy, non-native larval host.;  open, disturbed sites, old fields, utility easements, roadsides, pastures and meadows"
Habitat	"Wet and dry tropical forests from sea level to 1,000 m."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly and somewhat haphazardly near host leaves
Habitat	"Grassy areas in open woods, by creeks, woods edges, city gardens."
Habitat	limited to acid bogs
Non-Habitat	" The large adults have a strong, rapidflight and frequently visit available flowers."
Non-Habitat	29-33 mm
Non-Habitat	"behavior is similar to a grasshopper's: flies low, then quickly lands with closed wings."
Habitat	Open areas in subtropical thorn forest.
Habitat	" open, disturbed sites including roadsides,vacant or weedy fields, coastal dunes, forest edgesand gardens"
Non-Habitat	27-32 mm
Habitat	"Upper edges of coastal salt marshes in Calif., weedy fields near coastline in coastal Mex."
Habitat	" fields, gardens, woodland edges, suburbanparks, disturbed sites; preference for open areas"
Non-Habitat	3 1/2 - 3 3/4 in. (90-95 mm)
Habitat	"Mexican highlands (7,000-8,000 ft.)Oak woodland.Males of this rarely observed skipper are usually found perching on hilltops."
Habitat	Mountainous foothills in w. U.S. Some populations along sand bars of rivers leading east from Rocky Mts. into Great Plains.
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	"The adults are usually strong, rapid flyers. "
Non-Habitat	Males frequently 'hilltop':
Habitat	Groves of host trees in foothills and mountains.
Non-Habitat	"Local. Occurs from the Torres Strait islands to Coen and from Mount Webb near Cooktown to Cromarty near Townsville, Queensland. "
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid in clusters, in columns, orsingly, sometimes not directly on the host plant"
Habitat	"Coastal dunes, pinewoods, old fields"
Habitat	"Sunny gullies and streamcourses in foothills and mountains, occasional hillsides and ridges.Males perch prominently on branches or rocks along gully bottoms or streamcourses."
Habitat	"Sparse, open woods."
Non-Habitat	" females are shy and tend to stay in the undergrowth. Males fly gracefully, often pausing to visit flowers"
Habitat	Commonly encountered at woodland edges and old fields
Habitat	"Wet sedge meadows, marshes, bogs."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	" Our smallest fntillary, this butterfly isrestricted to extreme northwestern portions of theCarolines.; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Habitat	Openings in subtropical forest.
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Non-Habitat	May - July; single generation
Habitat	"[image] Most often found in sunny forest openings or in fields near forests.Open woodland and fields, generally more boreal than other eastern cloudywings."
Non-Habitat	April - Late September; two generations
Non-Habitat	25-30 mm (1-1 3/16 inches)
Habitat	"Wet, open woods along rivers and streams, open swamps; sometimes dry woods and ridgetops.[image] The males patrol through open woods, swamps, and along streams."
Non-Habitat	30-37 mm
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly swiftly close to the ground. Males are solitary, flying along tracks and clearings, and often settle on dead twigs or branches 1-2 m above the ground. Females usually fly in damp, sheltered areas. "
Habitat	"Many kinds of open, weedy habitats — cities and suburbs, gardens, power lines, marshes,road edges, etc."
Habitat	"Openings in  or near stream courses, marshes, seeps, moist fields, city parks, ridge tops (males). Maybe found in a wide variety of habitats during migration."
Non-Habitat	This subspecies is confined to the higher mountains of Mahé of Silhouette. 
Habitat	"On or near willows along stream courses and in marshes.[image] Acadian Hairstreaks are found perching on willows, their caterpillar hosts, or nectaring at flowers of plants such as  dogbane, milkweeds, or White Sweet Clover."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	"Near the petiole on the leaf underside, 4-8 larvae rested in 1 -2 files on the edge. "
Non-Habitat	18-28 mm
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	" 1.5-2.0"" (3.8-5.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	[male] Grand Cayman. June.
Habitat	"Intermountain West, prairies, and plains prairies, open weedy areas"
Habitat	Coastal plain populations
Habitat	"Deciduous woods, bogs, open fields, open subarctic slopes and tundra."
Non-Habitat	I have seen a female ovipositing on Piper also in Ghana.
Habitat	Rock slides and rocky ridges.
Habitat	"Cool stream and river valleys, openings in coniferous woods, and bogs."
Habitat	 This skipper should be watched for along wet grassy areas near standing or slowly movingwater.
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	"Widespread in Cuba, the Bahamas and Cayman Islands. TL: 'Jamaica', probably Georgia."
Non-Habitat	22-28 mm (7/8-1 1/16 inches)
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	It is not known how and where the species survives the winter or dry season when the immature stages are killed by frosts and the food plants frequently die back.
Non-Habitat	"I have seen the female laying on a species of Piper (Piperaceae) in Kakum, Ghana."
Non-Habitat	36-47 mm
Non-Habitat	88-112 mm
Habitat	"woods, glades"
Non-Habitat	Adults take nectar from flowers
Non-Habitat	The eggs are laid singly on passion-vines.
Habitat	Shrubby fields and second growth in  seasonally dry tropical lowlands.
Habitat	" it frequents the margins of watercourses and adjacentopen areas where its wetland hosts can be found stream and river corridors and open, disturbedsites"
Habitat	"[image]Territorial males may be found in late afternoon, often on hilltops. Barrens, neglected pastures, sparsely wooded hills, copses near prairie streams."
Habitat	Montane willow bogs and adjacent meadows.
Non-Habitat	This species is found in South West Africa. 
Habitat	"Open fields with flowers, coastal scrub."
Non-Habitat	"Several eggs are laid together in a leaf rolled by a certain leaf-cut weevil (Attelabidae) just as in other congeneric species. The newly hatched larvae live in groups on the leaf underside, and move to the leaf upperside as they grow larger. "
Non-Habitat	34-38 mm
Habitat	"Coppers are especially dominant in north temperate regions, blues are richest in the Old World tropics and north temperate zone, and hairstreaks are particularly abundant and diverse in the New World tropics."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 14-16mm
Non-Habitat	This species is found in Rhodesia and Moҫambique. 
Habitat	"Many kinds of open, weedy habitats: cities and suburbs, gardens, mountain meadows, streamsides, desert washes road edges, etc."
Habitat	"[image]Often found along streams or in weedy fields.Streamcourses in foothills and mountains, open meadows or disturbed fields in valleys."
Habitat	High arctic.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 17-18 mm
Non-Habitat	Strong flier
Habitat	"Usually open,sunny areas with host buckwheat, ranging from slightly above sea level to more than 11,000-ft. elevations, including coastal dunes, alpine fellfields, hills in sagebrush desert, desert canyons, etc."
Non-Habitat	They actively fly low to the ground before noon near rocky and sunny region. 
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly rapidly, often in proximity to the food plant."
Non-Habitat	" 1.1-1.4"" (2.8-3.6 cm)"
Habitat	"Meadows and open grassy or rocky areas, especially on Canadian Shield (a Precambrian formation)."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	55-70 mm.
Habitat	"Tallgrass prairies, hill prairies, grasslands, sand prairies.males taking stations on low vegetation or even on bare groundrestricted to good-quality habitats and does not stray far from them."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Openings in river forests, stream valleys."
Non-Habitat	" 1.00-1.25"" (2.5-3.2 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Six species of this genus are found in Southern Africa.
Non-Habitat	88-136 mm.
Non-Habitat	April - August; two generations
Habitat	Alpine scree slopes and ridges — usually south facing.
Non-Habitat	This genus flies more or less exclusively at dusk or dawn. 
Habitat	"Disturbed areas in several tropical zones, from sea level to 2000 m."
Non-Habitat	"The larva usually rested on the leaf underside, but the last instar sometimes rested on the upperside as well. "
Non-Habitat	"The larvae spin shelters in which they live, many emerging to feed mainly at night. The pupae are normally elongate, with the head drawn out to a pronounced point, and overlaid with a covering of white wax."
Habitat	"Males perch on or close to the ground in woods openings or nearby fields,"
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	Reasonably common
Non-Habitat	"Flight weak, often settling after short flight"
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a strong, erratic flight butfrequently stop to nectar. "
Non-Habitat	" The adults havea strong, rapid flight, usually low to the ground, andvisit a wide range of flowers."
Habitat	All of our species are occasionally migratory or regularly change elevations.
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid on the larval host, New Jersey tea."
Non-Habitat	"Rare and local in Hispaniola and Jamaica from about 1500 ft upwards, e.g. Mt Diablo, July (Jamaica), Mt Isabella, June (Dominican Republic). Reported from Porto Rico. RANGE: conflned to these islands. TL (not stated by Godart): Hispaniola."
Non-Habitat	"in the daytime...it only flies when startled, although it soon descends to a shrub leaf again. In the evening twilight, it flies together with H. melli above treetops. "
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Habitat	" Although considered a forestspecies, it avoids dense shade and is typically associated with open, thin woods and adjacent clearings.;  lowland forested stream corridors, hilltops,roadsides, open deciduous forests and pine-oak woodlands, and associated margins and clearings"
Non-Habitat	Temperate Eurasia from Hungary and the Balkans to Mongolia and China.
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.8"" (2.5-4.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on flower buds or flowers ofhost
Habitat	"Spruce bogs in taiga, wet coniferous woods."
Habitat	found primarily in arid habitats throughout the Northern Hemisphere.
Non-Habitat	"the osmeterium, a kind of protrusible 'stink gland' which normally lies hidden under the skin just behindthe head of the caterpillar."
Non-Habitat	March - June; single generation
Non-Habitat	 Theelongated slender larvae construct individual shelterson the host by tying several grass blades together withsilk.
Habitat	[image]The inland subspecies zizaniae [is] associated with wild ricefreshwater marshesFreshwater and brackish marshes with tall grasses.In our area found at edges of freshwater lakesin Neb. sandhills.
Non-Habitat	"young larva... bears a striking resemblance to a piece of freshly deposited bird's dung... Viewed at a certain angle from the front, [the fully grown larva]  bears a distinctly snake-like and forbidding appearance, the thoracic segments being humped up and exhibiting a dark eye-like mark on either side."
Habitat	"moist woodlands, stream corridors and swamps;  Named for the region from which it wasfirst described, the Carolina Roadside-Skipper is a butterfly of dense wet woods, forested swamps andstream corridors that support stands of cane.;  Adults areoften encountered in sunlit clearings or margins wherethey tend to alight on vegetation."
Habitat	"Shrubby fields, edge of woods, roadsides, open areas."
Non-Habitat	"The flight is fast and furious, always low down."
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	"and when resting congregate in numbers on dried twigs with well-designed camouflage, the undersides being a dirty drab brown."
Habitat	"BorealStream bottoms, hillsides, and meadows in a variety of settings, usually in mountains or foothills.Males patrol hillsides or valley bottoms."
Non-Habitat	Rare strays appear in East after mass migrations.
Non-Habitat	70-88 mm.
Habitat	"Moist woods along rivers, wooded swamps, and pine flatwoods. Sea level to 1500 ft. (450 m)."
Habitat	"HABITAT: Wide variety of open, sunny areas — waste fields, prairies, pastures, etc."
Non-Habitat	33-47 mm
Non-Habitat	50-62 mm
Non-Habitat	"[wing patterns] very often leaf-like on the underside, especially in the dry or winter season forms.; The caterpillars [have] features that render them surprisingly difficult to see as they rest on the leaves of their food plants. "
Habitat	Found in woodlands and larger gardens
Non-Habitat	"Its behaviour is probably similar to that of K. johnstonii, but the flight is faster."
Non-Habitat	"Tanzania- Ipumba, Kampisa, Sitebi Mt; Uganda- Bwindi"
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Minusinsklowland, Central Tuva and Ubsu-Nur hollows,mountains around Irkut river valley."
Non-Habitat	"In the morning and evening, when the temperature is relatively low, the adult flies actively above tree canopies, and, as the temperature reises, it enters the resting mode on tree leaves."
Habitat	Tidal scrub.
Non-Habitat	"n later instars, the green larva is shorter in proportion toits maximum diameter than any other European speciesand smoothly tapered towards its 'tail': in colour, textureand markings, well-camouflaged amongst leaves of principal LHP [larval host plant], Prunus spinosa. When crawling, the larva swaysgently backwards and forwards: the reason for this curious behaviour is not clear - possibly it confuses predators:otber well-camouflaged but very different animals, such asthe chameleon and some mantid species, move in a similarfashion."
Non-Habitat	March - Late October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	"I saw about six Lucretia's Paradise Skippers ""treetopping"" on the Atewa Range in Ghana between 11.00 and 12.00 hrs. They flew at the edge of the forest in a road clearing some six metres above the ground, patrolling a fifteen-metre stretch and often quarrelling, occasionally perching for a brief period."
Non-Habitat	"has a cheerful, lively flight pattern. Flutters actively between wildflowers, pausing briefly to sip nectar before moving on. It can be found in large numbers on flowering bushes."
Habitat	" open, disturbed sites including roadsides,vacant fields, agricultural land, parks and gardens"
Non-Habitat	25-31 mm
Habitat	"Forest edges, usually in seasonaly dry tropical lowlands."
Habitat	"Open, weedy areas."
Non-Habitat	"[image] Queens often engage in local migrations, and some fly long distances and appear far north of their normal range."
Habitat	They are common in midsized woodlands and larger gardens.
Non-Habitat	Prefers smaller trees about 2 m high or regrowth produced after trees have been felled or branches cut on which to breed.
Habitat	Disturbed habitats at low to moderate elevations.
Habitat	 moist dense woodlands;  It is an inhabitantof moist woodlands and associated margins or roadsides with cane. 
Non-Habitat	Underside cryptically patterned; fond of resting on tree trunks where its cryptic underside markings make it very difficult to see.
Non-Habitat	The flight of the Pearl-Spotted Forest Sylph is not as low as in the species with yellow hindwings.
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	"[male] near Monte Christi, Dominican Republic."
Non-Habitat	"It is a fairly common forest butterfly, which more than any other swallowtail lives in the closed understory where it weaves along, twisting and turning to avoid the tangled growth. The females fly more slowly, adopting the slow flight of their Acraea models, not least when searching for host-plants."
Non-Habitat	" 1.25-1.60"" (3.2-4.1 cm)"
Habitat	Cypress grove in woody chaparrel slopes.This isolated species lives an uncertain existence in fire-prone habitat.
Non-Habitat	They have a rapid jerky flight and rest with their wings held erect.
Non-Habitat	" Ithas a strong, rapid flight and perches on sunlit leaves,overhanging branches or tree trunks along forest trailsand woodland edges. Adults are exceedingly inquisitive and dart out to investigate passing objects,sometimes even landing on humans."
Non-Habitat	"Its ovipositing behavior has not been observed. However, the fact that early instar larvae have been always found singly and none in groups, the egg is likely to be laid singly not in any form of a batch"
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Aruwimi river, Ituri, Kivu, Lesse; Uganda- Budongo, Bugoma, Semliki"
Habitat	The males perch on the ground or on large rocks
Habitat	"Moist woods and meadows, often near streamcourses."
Habitat	"Tropical thorn scrub, seasonally dry forest."
Habitat	"commonly found in woodlands, gardens and fields. "
Non-Habitat	46-53 mm
Non-Habitat	Caterpillars burrow into host leaves and stems and feed within their silk-lined tunnels.
Non-Habitat	"Resident [to the Carolinas];  The small, ornately patterned GorgoneCheckerspot reaches the easternmost extension of itslarge range just across the western border of theCarolinas. where it is a localized and rare resident"
Habitat	Atlantic White-cedar swamps and associated barrens.
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a strong,directed flight but readily stop to nectar at the blossoms of colorful wildflowers, being particularly fond ofmilkweed, Joe-pye weed and thistles. It is not uncommon to see several individuals at a single flower. "
Non-Habitat	2 3/4 - 5 1/8 in. (72-132 mm)
Non-Habitat	" 0.9-1.2"" (2.3-3.0 cm)"
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	20-33 mm
Non-Habitat	70-80mm
Habitat	Wet tundra.
Non-Habitat	Eggs... are laid in clusters.
Habitat	"Brushy edges of woods, rarely pastures."
Non-Habitat	Confined to the West Indies in two subspecies
Non-Habitat	21mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on or near host leaves
Habitat	"Open sunny areas: tundra, alpine meadows, taiga, forest openings in West."
Habitat	Low desert foothilks and rolling prairie with host-plant colonies.
Habitat	River forests in seasonally dry tropics.  Usually perches on tree trunks and occasionally found at most spots along streams.
Non-Habitat	Golden Sylphs fly slowly.
Non-Habitat	"[male] Mt Basil, Haiti, 4500 ft. September."
Non-Habitat	Will visit lights in small numbers.
Habitat	Subtropical scrub and desert.
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	" In Alberta, this skipper occurs tliroughout the prairies, southem mountains and aspen parklands.  The Garita Skipper inhabits a wide variety of grasslands and meadows including low elevation grasslands and moun tain meadows, but is most abundant in fescue and mixed grass prairies"
Habitat	Small clearings in tropical forests; dry creek beds.
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Non-Habitat	Larvae make shelters by fastening grass blades together with silk; the nest is positioned horizontally on the soil.  This habit allows the larvae to survive mowing and favors survival in lawns.
Habitat	"[image] Males perch and patrol on hilltops or along ridges to seek females.  Subtropical scrub, desert foothills, limestone ridges."
Non-Habitat	"All will come to lights, sometimes in moderate numbers."
Non-Habitat	60-85 mm.
Non-Habitat	" 3.5-4.4"" (8.9-11.2 cm)"
Habitat	"Males perch, either in openings or on promontories"
Habitat	" open, disturbed areas including old fields, roadsides, vacant lots, open woodlands, forest edges,parks, lawns and gardens; Avidly fond of flowers, the butterflyis a frequent garden visitor."
Habitat	Tropical hardwood hammock openings and edges.
Non-Habitat	caterpillars feed communally.
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Habitat	limited to hardwood hammocks.
Habitat	"Shaded subtropical woods, flower gardens."
Habitat	"Many, including grasslands, oak woodland, valleys, brushy hillsides,and prairie ridges.In most areas males patrol hilltops awaiting females; while in Calif, males may patrol grasslands or slopes and avoid hilltops. Males of other Speyeria species patrol flats or slopes."
Habitat	[image] males take up perches about waist-highMany disturbed and open forest situations.
Habitat	"Rockfields, including rock slides… open rocky habitats usually above the timberline."
Habitat	"Foothill canyons, stream edges in prairie, gardens, less likely in disturbed areas in West. Males perch on the ground or low vegetation, usually along streams."
Habitat	Waste areas and deserts.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	[image] colonizing
Non-Habitat	Fw 25-26 mm
Non-Habitat	 The developing larvae construct individual shelters on the host by rolling individual leaves ortying several leaves together with silk. 
Habitat	Wood edges at low or midelevations.
Habitat	"Adults congregate at a focal tree just before dusk. As the sun sets, they leave the tree to roost under the leaves of adjacent trees or shrubs"
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	Restless flier 
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Non-Habitat	25mm
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, weedy fields, and residential areas."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	Subtropical scrub.
Habitat	Openings in subtropical forest.
Habitat	"alpine and arctic habitats.Many types including foothill canyons, sagebrush flats, and alpine tundra."
Non-Habitat	 The adults have a rapidand extremely low flight
Habitat	" The Common Wood Nymph is a mediumsizedbutterfly primarily encountered in open, grassymeadows and fields, though it may also be found inforest clearings and margins.; open woodlands, forest edges, marshes, grassyfields and roadsides"
Non-Habitat	110-130 mm.
Habitat	" open, disturbed areas including old fields, pastures, roadsides, parks, lawns and gardens;  The Sachem shares its affinity for open, disturbed Sites with the Whirlabout and Fiery Skipperwith which it often flies. "
Non-Habitat	72-90 mm
Habitat	"Small clearings in tropical woodlands; weedy areas in parks, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	"With the exception of the Scarce Swallowtail, larvae have bright 'warning' colours and are often conspicuous when feeding or resting. As an additional deterrent to predators, the larvae of some species possess an osmeterium, a soft, fleshy orange-coloured, eversible, forked organ concealed within the first thoracic segment: when erected, this organ emits a powerful and offensive odour, which coupled with the startling appearance of the osmeterium itself, is said to be an effective defence against predatory birds. "
Habitat	"Rocky flats, alluvial fans, and associated washes (dry gullies)."
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Non-Habitat	will visit lights in small numbers
Habitat	"Brackish river marshes, abandoned rice paddies"
Habitat	"HABITAT: Wet fields, marshes,tall-grass prairie."
Habitat	"[image]Males often perch and patrol along streambeds.Streambeds, drywashes in sagebrush-juniper woodland, sometimes oak or mixed-conifer woodland."
Non-Habitat	Flies at low elevations
Non-Habitat	"Adults are possibly migratory, occasionally reaching New South Wales. Food plants are located in the Northern Territory and Queensland. Local."
Non-Habitat	some species are distasteful
Non-Habitat	25-31 mm
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	" 1.00-1.25"" (2.5-3.2 cm)"
Habitat	"In Mexico, moist to wet tropical forest at  moderate elevations—1000 to 3000 ft. (300-900 m)."
Habitat	"Prairies, open ridges, glades in deciduous woods, waste area,"
Non-Habitat	Adults fly very rapidly. Males fly on hilltops where they patrol and aggressively defend territories. Females are usually observed flying around the food plant. 
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, rapid flight and oftenalight on bare soil or low vegetation."
Habitat	Disturbed habitats at low to moderate elevations.
Non-Habitat	[image] Eggs are usually laid on dead leaves
Habitat	"Grassy areas of open woodlands, in clearings and along forest edges, often near streams. Also visits city gardens.Adults take nectar from flowers most often all day in lightly shaded woodlands."
Habitat	"A variety of open habittits, alfalfa fields, lawns, fields, road edges."
Habitat	" The Barred Sulphur is a common butterflyof open, weedy sites throughout the Deep South.; open, disturbed sites including roadsides, pastures, utility easements, vacant fields, pond margins"
Non-Habitat	24-38 mm (15/16-1 1/2 inches)
Habitat	"Open, weedy areas, pastures, vacant lots, roadsides."
Habitat	"[image] adults spend most of their time perching on or near Bearberry, also called Kinnikinnick, a matlike shrub.Sunny glades in barrens, dunes, forest edges, rocks ridges."
Non-Habitat	the newly hatched larvae remain gregarious until they become mature and disperse away from the foodplant for pupation
Non-Habitat	"Settles high up, but not very fast on the wing"
Habitat	"Openings in or near streamcourses, marshes, seeps, moist fields, city  parks, ridgetops (males). May be found in a wide variety of habitats during migration and overwintering."
Non-Habitat	17mm
Habitat	[image]Butterfly of the plains and arid Southwest.Marsh and stream edges in short-grass prairie.
Habitat	"Seasonally dry scrub, forest edges, pastures."
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Central and south-east Altai, West and East Tannu-Ola, Sengilen,East and Bolshoy Sayan, Tunkinskie Gol’tsy Mts."
Non-Habitat	"The male flies actively over treetops on mountain ridges, and perches on branch tips to show territorial behavior"
Non-Habitat	"Ova laid on various substrates in vicinity of LHP, including moss, dead vegetation, stones and soil; less often on host-plant leaves.; (In N America larvae feed on Sedum and other Crassulaceae, whilst captive larvae reportedly reject S. aizoides: the acceptability, or otherwise, of Sedum to European larvae does not appear to have been investigated)."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on upperside of host leaves
Habitat	Damp woods along streams and around ridges in forested areas.Males perch on low vegetation
Non-Habitat	April - October; multiple generations; Its annual fall mass migration is one of thegreatest natural events undertaken by any organismon Earth. 
Non-Habitat	May - October; several generations
Habitat	Virgin prairie.
Habitat	"Open sunny fields, flats."
Habitat	Liverwort Beds
Non-Habitat	"High, floating flight near conifers."
Habitat	"[image]Although rare or disappearing in the Northeast, in the West they are spreading into disturbed and agricultural areas.Open areas with low vegetation in or near marshes, bogs, wet meadows, and seeps."
Non-Habitat	 Larvae fromsecond brood overwinter in individual leaf shelters.
Habitat	"[image]Males perch in gullies and just above small streams.Wooded streams in coniferous or mixed forests, aspen parklands."
Habitat	Often seen during daytime along wooded trails
Habitat	A local species of prairies and open grasslands.
Non-Habitat	laid singly on the leaves of host
Non-Habitat	"2.0-2.5"" (5.1-6.4 cm)"
Non-Habitat	" It seldom visits flowers,feeding instead at rotting fruit, dung, carrion and treesap."
Non-Habitat	 The light green larvaeconstruct individual shelters on the host by tying twoor more leaves together with silk.
Non-Habitat	[image] A female lays her eggs on Capparis
Habitat	"Forest openings, roadsides, and power-line cuts."
Habitat	"Open, sunny areas: fields, meadows, open forest."
Non-Habitat	35-41mm
Non-Habitat	54-58 mm
Non-Habitat	88-90 mm
Habitat	Coastal salt marshes.
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	30-37 mm
Habitat	Open moist tundra.
Habitat	canebrakes
Non-Habitat	The species sometimes engages in huge migrations.[image]They often participate in mass migrations.Periodic migrant and colonist north through most of e. U.S. and s. Ont.
Non-Habitat	" The Painted Lady has a rapid,erratic flight, but frequently stops to perch or nectar."
Non-Habitat	fast-flying; [males] dart out; females...fly low among grasses when egg-laying.;
Non-Habitat	The female lays several to over ten eggs together on the leaf underside of a foodplant growing in forest.
Non-Habitat	" 1.50-1.75"" {3.8-4.4 cm)"
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Non-Habitat	80-102 mm
Non-Habitat	54-62 mm
Habitat	"Moist slopes, steep ravines, pastures, dry rocky ridges."
Habitat	shale barrens scattered along the Appalachians
Habitat	Black Spruce—tamarack bogs.
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is widespread throughout Africa. 
Habitat	"Various open places; thorn scrub, deserts, brushy hills, prairie hills, and weedy pastures."
Habitat	"Open areas: fields, dunes, pinewoods, roadsides."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	Found in moist areas and open woods.
Non-Habitat	24-28 mm
Non-Habitat	larva rested in finely built nests of two leaves overlaid on a side branch about 2.5m above ground level. 
Non-Habitat	"This butterfly is found in coastal forests of Northern Natal and Moҫambique, and ranges to the East African coastal forests."
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Habitat	often found in coniferous and mixed woodlands
Non-Habitat	"They feed from flowers, such as Lantana. "
Non-Habitat	32-40 mm
Habitat	Slopes and ridges with host plant.
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	"The female lays eggs singly on unfolding buds or flower spikes of cardamines, e.g. Cardamine flexuosa"
Non-Habitat	" laid singly on host twigs, low on the trunksof small host trees or occasionally on leaf litter belowthe host"
Habitat	Broadleaf evergreen swamp forests and wet woods near rivers.
Habitat	"Brushy old fields, fringes of bogs, open areas near small streams."
Non-Habitat	March - October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	Larvae from last generation overwinter in individual leaf shelters
Non-Habitat	The species is migratory; it was part of a mixed migration in northern Bénin in April 1978 (Larsen 1978). On the wing it is similar to A. aurota.
Habitat	Dry canyons and hillsides of coast and transverse ranges.
Habitat	Oak woodlands and brush.Males perch on hilltops in western part of its range.
Non-Habitat	"Skippers usually have a rapid, darting, irregular flight but the tend to settle very frequently. The vibration of the wings is sometimes quite audible and it is easy to detect the presence of one of the larger species as it flits by."
Habitat	Open subtropical scrub.
Habitat	"Shady, wooded areas near small streams leading into swamps."
Habitat	"HABITAT: OjTen fields, scrub, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	 Freshly emerged males oftengather at moist ground.
Habitat	Seasonally dry tropical forest edges and thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	"It hangs small leaf pieces with silk, and makes at the apex a rod-like extention with frass pellets, where it rests."
Habitat	Pine-Oak Barrens
Habitat	Open areas and flats.
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, fence rows, roadsides."
Habitat	"Open mountain and hilly slopes including granite moraines, serpentine outcrops, and sunny cliffs.Male California Marbles patrol areas of hostplant, usually hillsides, in search of females."
Habitat	Overgrown citrus groves in s. Fla.
Habitat	"Streambeds, dry washes in sagebrush-juniper woodland."
Habitat	"Shady, rich, deciduous woods."
Non-Habitat	17-23mm
Non-Habitat	90-120 mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on upper surface of host leaves
Non-Habitat	35-45 mm
Habitat	"Abandoned fields, open pine woods, suburbs, tropical forest edge. Sea level to 2000 ft. (600 m)."
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Habitat	"Preferred habitats are aspen parkland, dry meadows in mixed forest and open pine forest."
Non-Habitat	" combined with the crypticcoloration of the wings beneath enhances the butterfly's overall ""dead leaf"" appearance when at rest."
Habitat	"Open marshes, bogs, and swamps."
Non-Habitat	In Porto Rico... a proportion of the population [is] (subspecies portoricensis Clark 1941)
Habitat	The males perch on low vegetation and periodically patrol back and forth.
Habitat	"Wet meadows, marshes, bogs."
Habitat	"Black Spruce—sphagnum bogs often with larch, wet tundra."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground. Males typically patrol shrubs and small trees in a characteristic spiral flight.
Habitat	"Prairies, grasslands, old fields near prairie habitats, hill prairies. It is a common and general resident in most of the hill prairies of the Illinois River Valley. Associated with big and little bluestem grasses, glades, and barrens. In our experience it is always found in hilly areas, never in flat lands.Larvae overwinter in sealed nests located several inches above ground at the base of the grass clump.Pupation is in a sealed case at the base of the larval host."
Non-Habitat	The Common Checkered-Skipper is an excellent colonizer and each summer invades areas far to the north of the zone where it  can survive the winter.
Non-Habitat	"The species is apparently generally and locally rare, but will probably eventually be found to be common locally. "
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.4"" (2.5-3.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	This species often flies up and down dry streambeds so fast and low that it can hardly be followed with the eyes.
Non-Habitat	Territorial
Habitat	"moist woodlands, stream corridors and swamps;  It,too, is a butterfly of wet woodlands, forested swampsand stream corridors that support abundant stands ofcane"
Habitat	usually found in prairie habitats
Non-Habitat	Flight stronger than most other Rings
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, erratic flight and scurryaround quickly, stopping occasionally to rest on nearbyvegetation or bare soil with their wings spread."
Non-Habitat	Females often fly at lower altitudes than males
Non-Habitat	The faint underside markings simulate a leaf
Habitat	"Wide-ranging in open habitats. Woodland borders and opening, fields, gardens, meadows, etc.common in gardens"
Non-Habitat	"From the 1st to the 4th instar, the larva stays on the leaf underside. The 5th-instar larva, on the other hand, does not stay on a leaf except when feeding, but descends to the ground for resting. It mostly feeds only during the nighttime."
Non-Habitat	 Both sexes readily visit a variety of spring wildflowers
Habitat	Freshwater marshes or bogs.
Non-Habitat	"Shares habits with C. amata, where C. amata amata may be migratory."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest and pine forest.
Non-Habitat	65-75 mm
Non-Habitat	"males have large ranging areas, and fly up to higher mountain summits, where they often show territorial behavior"
Habitat	Wet areas near deciduous woods or streams.
Non-Habitat	28-34 mm
Non-Habitat	"caterpillars, … resemble bird droppingsyoung caterpillars live in small rolled leaf shelters"
Habitat	"Prairies, intermittent streamcourses, wooded marshes, open weedy areas, pastures, vacantlots, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a rapid, somewhat erratic flight and arecommonly drawn to flowers."
Habitat	"Valleys, desert canyons, and washes.Adults… frequent valley or canyon bottoms. On hot days when taking moisture along streams These skippers often fly in shade beneath trees and shrubs"
Non-Habitat	" laid singly young shoots, newleaves or flower buds of host"
Habitat	"Open areas: fields, dunes, pinewoods, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"Strymon melinus, are good long-distance colonists."
Habitat	"[image] Females are found most frequently in shady woods.[image] Males are seen most often in sunlit forest openings or forest edges.Brushy areas and openings near moist woods or streams, city parks."
Non-Habitat	 The butterfly prefers rottingfruit and sap over flower nectar
Non-Habitat	" The Queen, a year-round resident of theDeep South, regularly expands its range north to colonize coastal portions of the Carollnas. Visitor [to the Carolinas]"
Habitat	Moist areas near shaded wood edges.
Non-Habitat	"peculiar, except for the single Old World genus Tellervo, to the New World tropics; It is a curious fact that although some four hundred different species of Ithomiidae are known from the American mainland no more than two occur in the West Indies."
Habitat	"Colonies of common reed, usually in arid environments."
Habitat	" moist woodlands, forest edges, wetlands, roadsides, pastures, old fields and gardens;  It is a frequent garden visitor."
Non-Habitat	20-29 mm
Habitat	" open, deciduous woodlands, forest edges andtrails, roadsides, brushy fields, utility easements,wooded swamps and gardens; It may frequentlywander into nearby suburban yards and gardens."
Non-Habitat	32-40 mm
Non-Habitat	The nest for overwintering is made with the leaf folded in two halves around the petiole and spun with silk; the larva hides itself in the nest with its head directed toward the petiole. 
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	"Cutover areas, forest edges, stream valleys."
Habitat	"Many open habitats, open fields, lawns, road edges, rights of vvay; clover fields."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a strong, directedflight but readily stop to nectar at colorful wildflowers,being particularly fond of milkweeds, Joe-pye Weedand thistles"
Habitat	Tundra ridges or flat areas below summits.
Non-Habitat	"At Yapo I once saw a string of ten males chasing each other for several minutes at a level of two metres and at much faster than usual speed, mostly maintaining a distance of not more than ten centimetres between each butterfly."
Non-Habitat	Known best from the mountains near Guantanamo from November to February.
Non-Habitat	" 1.1-1.4"" (2.8-3.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	27-35 mm (1 1/16-1 3/8 inches)
Non-Habitat	Late June - Mid November; single generation
Habitat	"Normally, only found in Atlantic white cedar swamps (although indiviiluals must disperse to new areas).This fascinating butterfly was not discovered until 1949 when, during a boom year, some spilled out of the uninviting white cedar swamps in Lakehurst, New Jersey and were found by Sid Hessel.Hessel's Hairstreak are found in white cedar swamps.Atlantic white cedar swamps. come down from the tops of the white cedars to nectar on blueberries, sand myrtles, sweet pepperbushes or chokecherries."
Habitat	"Open thorn scrub, washes, gulches, flower gardens"
Habitat	"Except for arctic and prairie species, the butterflies are usually found in  woodlands, often those associated with streams or swamps."
Non-Habitat	It usually flies fast along the edges of the submontane forests.
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	May - September; multiple generations;  Lateinstar larvae overwinter.
Non-Habitat	"The larvae can be naked or hairy, and their first thoractic segment has a repellent scent gland called an 'osmeterium'. This organ is projected from the superior part of the prothorax, when the larva is threatened or disturbed; it is brightly colored (usually red or orange) and produces an odorous secretion, undoubtedly for defense (Borror, et al., 1989; D'Abrera, 1981)"
Habitat	especially in the arctic and higher mountains.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Tropical forests, especially river valleys."
Habitat	"Woods near rivers, swamps, marshes, moist woods, etc."
Habitat	"Brushy old fields, pastures, clearings in forests, headlands."
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Habitat	often found perching on tree limbs or trunks high in the canopy.
Habitat	Hilly tundra (drumlins) near coast.
Habitat	"Brackish river marshes, abandoned rice paddies"
Habitat	"Brushy edges of woods, rarely pastures."
Non-Habitat	May - September; two generations; 
Habitat	Marshes.
Non-Habitat	"This species is found only in some of the warmer parts of Southern Africa, as well as in South West Africa, Natal, Eastern Transvaal, and the lowvld of Mashonaland. "
Habitat	"[image] winter- or dry-season form spends more time resting in shady locations.Low areas in Iower austral and subtropical zones, including open woods, pines, open fields, and roadsides."
Habitat	Not reported.
Habitat	"old fields, roadsides, pastures, freshwatermarshes, suburban gardens, agricultural land;  It is equally at homealong farm roads or in rural meadows as suburbanyards and urban parks."
Habitat	"Deciduous forests, second-growth woods."
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, old fields, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	Flight and habitats the same as for P. argante [a rapid and erratic flight]
Habitat	Open weedy fields and pastures.
Non-Habitat	April - Early October; two generations;  The species produces twogenerations and Is on the wing in early summer andagain toward early fall.
Habitat	" open woodlands, forest edges and clearings,roadsides, utility easements, old fields and roadsides"
Non-Habitat	March - April; single generation; has only a brief spring flight
Habitat	Open pine woods.
Non-Habitat	90-110 mm
Habitat	"The Black Dash occurs in marshes and wet meadows. Males are territorial, perching in wait of females among sedges. They do not wander far.Northern half of Illinois in sedge meadows and marshes."
Habitat	"A variety of open habittits, alfalfa fields, lawns, fields, road edges."
Habitat	"Tropical lowland forests,especially along rivers. Has strayed to lower Rio Grande Valley, Texas."
Habitat	Wet tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid one by one on a young unfolding leaf.
Habitat	"Open areas: lowland tropics, fields, dunes, pine-woods, roadsides, etc."
Non-Habitat	slow-flying
Habitat	Oak thickets in foothills.
Non-Habitat	"Strong flight, often sweeping down close to the ground"
Non-Habitat	Fw 14-15 mm
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	The female lays an egg one by one preferentially on small twigs of young trees or shoots of big trees. 
Non-Habitat	" 1.8-2.8"" (4.6-7.1 cm)"
Habitat	"Openings in  forests along stream and river valleys, ravines."
Non-Habitat	30-35 mm
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in Natal, Transvaal, the Free State, Bechuanaland, Rhodeisa, and Moҫambique, and ranges to tropical Africa. "
Habitat	"Residential areas, weedy fields, thornscrub, edges."
Habitat	"Streamcourses and associated flats and slopes in a wide variety of habitats, including sagebrush, oak woodland, chaparral, and mixed coniferous woods."
Non-Habitat	"Weak, fluttering flight"
Non-Habitat	 Adults have a rapid flight and arestrongly attracted to flowers.
Habitat	Gulches and canyons.
Non-Habitat	"very fast, and individuals dart in and out"
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	43-55 mm
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Kibale
Habitat	"Open, weedy areas, pastures, vacant lots, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"he early instar larva cuts a leaf in a circular form to fold it underside up to make a nest, in which it rests. The last instar larva makes its nest with two mature leaves, one at the top of the other, in which it rests other than when it goes out forfeeding. Pupation also takes place there. "
Habitat	Open moist tundra.
Habitat	Subalpine willow bogs and most alpine tundra slopes.
Habitat	Pine forests in most of range; mixed Douglas-fir lorests in north coastal Calif.
Habitat	"The alpines are limited to subalpine, alpine, and arctic habitats throughout the Northern Hemisphere. Most species are found in mountainous Eurasia. In eastern North America six  species occur, primarily in boreal portions of eastern Canada, but two bog species (E. disa and E. discoidalis)Males patrol low over grassy vegetation"
Non-Habitat	 They are drawnto sap flows or rotting fruit and do not visit flowers.
Non-Habitat	Resident [of the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Males rapidly patrol the breeding habitat during the mid morning to local females. 
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Parks, roadsides, hedgerows."
Habitat	"Open, sunny areas in a variety of  tropical plant formations. Migrants almost anywhere,"
Non-Habitat	63-78 mm
Habitat	Openings in subtropical forest.
Non-Habitat	Adults usually fly rapidly close to the ground. 
Non-Habitat	flying at canopy level
Non-Habitat	much attracted to rotting fruit
Habitat	The adults are found near colonies of their hosts
Habitat	tropical found in open areas and along forest edges. The adult males cluster on moist sand along rivers and streams.These butterflies may partake in extensive migrations often noted along coastlines. The adults may appear far to the north of their usual habitats.
Habitat	Found in dry canyons in Ariz. Seasonally dry forests in Mex.Found at wet spots in desert canyons.
Habitat	Cedar glades and woodlands.
Non-Habitat	"Adultsare rapid, strong fliers and often difficult to approach. Males perch on sunlit leaves or on the sides of largetrees and dart out quickly to investigate passingobjects, occasionally alighting on humans."
Habitat	Hardwood hammocks or edges in s. Fla.; evergreen or semi-evergreen forests elsewhere.
Non-Habitat	"When not feeding, the larva hides away from the foodplants among dead leaves or fallen twigs. "
Non-Habitat	22-26mm
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	 S. Canada and e. U.S.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	85-110 mm.
Non-Habitat	"4a [male], 4b [female], Haiti."
Non-Habitat	April - September; two to three generations
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	"For oviposition, the female selects spots dily-lit but not completely unexposed to sunlight in forest margins or in wooded areas, and lays an egg singly on the underside of a mature leaf of the larval foodplant"
Habitat	"A wide variety of open situations, from woodland edges, to brushy fields, to thorn scrub."
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a strong, rapid flight but frequently alighton overhanging branches, tree trunks or leaf litter."
Habitat	"Woodlands near streams and rivers, wooded suburbs."
Non-Habitat	The adult is not a particularly rapid flier among the Apatura group
Non-Habitat	"This butterfly is common in almost any locality throughout Africa, while also occurring in Madagascar. "
Habitat	Open weedy areas in  low canyons or wasteplaces along streams.
Non-Habitat	43-49 mm
Habitat	"In Fla., hammocks and scrub at sea level"
Non-Habitat	"The caterpillar has a red-brown head with two large orange spots at the front. In raising larvae in captivity, it has been found that when disturbed they usually turn abruptly to face their ""attacker,"" flashing their orange false eyes in an apparent attempt to dissuade potential predators. Males perch on foliage and dart out at other butterflies, engaging them in swirling battles and chasing them from the area."
Non-Habitat	Flight more direct than Cabbage White.
Non-Habitat	51-63 mm
Habitat	"habitat: Short-grass prairie knolls, limestone openings, and swales."
Habitat	Tropical forests and edges in lowlands and mid elevations.
Non-Habitat	" 3.5-4.4"" (8.9-11.2 cm)"
Non-Habitat	23-25 mm
Non-Habitat	laid singly on the underside of hostleaves
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Ponderosa pine forest and associated moist glades and small streamsides. Males perch on the ground or dead branches near ground Ievel to await prospective mate.
Non-Habitat	The butterfly likely utilizes several native members of the Amaranth familyas well;  regularly perch or nectar with their wings outstretched
Habitat	"Various open places: brushy hills, prairie hills, and weedy pastures."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Hardwood hammocks on FIa. Keys, river forests elsewhere."
Habitat	Mountainous foothills in w. U.S. Some populations along sand bars of rivers leading east from Rocky Mts. into Great Plains.
Non-Habitat	" 1.2-1.6"" (3.0-4.1 cm)"
Habitat	"Open, grassy areas: lawns, landfills, marshes, power-line rights of way."
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	" Adults have an erratic, darting flight and frequently perch on the ground or onfallen logs or rocks."
Non-Habitat	50-65 mm.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16-18 mm
Habitat	"Open sunny areas with at least some bare soil and low  vegetation — open pine woods, prairies, landfills, highway shoulders, vacant lots, etc."
Habitat	" It is found in moist grasslands and along roads, creeks and streams in the prairies."
Habitat	"males of some tropical whites, e.g. Leodonta, perch along ravines."
Habitat	"Freshwater marshes, sedge meadows, slow-moving streams or ditches."
Non-Habitat	32—40 mm (1 1/4-1 9/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	FWL: 14-15 mm
Habitat	"Grassy alpine slopes, tundra, and subarctic bogs."
Non-Habitat	March - Late October multiple generations
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	 laid in clusters on the underside of hostleaves
Habitat	"Openings in chaparral, oak woodland, or conifer forest, usually in foothills or mountains."
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.5"" (2.5-3.8 cm)"
Habitat	tropical
Non-Habitat	" Adults have afast, darting flight typically within a few feet of theground."
Habitat	Woods.
Non-Habitat	Early July-Early September
Habitat	"Wet meadows, marshes, bogs."
Habitat	"Woodlands, usually deciduoos, near slow-moving or swampy streams."
Non-Habitat	The female lays an egg one by one on the leaf underside. 
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	"The 2nd-instar larva rests on the upper side of the leaf. It has a habit of bending the anterior half of its body sideways at an angle of about nterior half of its body sideways at an angle of about 45°. 3rd-instar larva, just as in the 2nd instar, rests on the upper side of a leaf. However, the habit of bending its body disappears. 5th-instar larva, just as in the 4th instar, rests on the upper side of a large leaf which is not exposed to the direct sunlight with the cover of other leaves. It feeds on nearby leaves other than this one chosen for resting. It walks around more extensively than in the 4th instar, and eats more voraciously. "
Non-Habitat	" The adults havea strong, rapid flight, usually low to the ground, andvisit a wide range of flowers."
Non-Habitat	" 1.5-1.9"" (3.8-4.8 cm)"
Habitat	"[image] This butterfly is found in disturbed pastures and roadsides in the East and is spreading southward. In the West it is limited to native mountain meadows.Moist meadows, pastures, hayfields. Unusual among lesser fritillaries in its ability to adapt to disturbed habitats."
Non-Habitat	will regularly come to light
Habitat	and can sometimes be seen fluttering above lily pads or other vegetation in ponds.
Non-Habitat	Readily feed from flowers.
Non-Habitat	70-110 mm.
Non-Habitat	"The caterpillars are gregarious, resting and even feeding together,"
Non-Habitat	"Temperate and mediterranean Europe, western Central Asia and South Siberia"
Non-Habitat	Both male and female fly rapidly.
Habitat	A local species of forests.
Habitat	Another large skipper of open swamps andmarshes; They do not wander far from their wetlandhaunts.
Non-Habitat	The larvae construct individual tent-like shelterson the host by weaving together two leaves with silk.
Non-Habitat	They visita variety of moisture-loving flowers.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	Males often engagein hill-topping where they sail gracefully about. This speciesflies mostly in the canopy.
Non-Habitat	"May - September; two to three generations;  Once fully mature, the larvaefrom the late season generation overwinter among theleaf Utter until the following spring."
Non-Habitat	"The Danish ssp. was slower and ""sleepier"" in flight, but capable of fleeing quickly when necessary. They were found in large "
Habitat	woodlands
Habitat	"Adultsof H. c. manitoba are found in mountain meadows, along roads and other clearings at elevations below treeline."
Habitat	Found in woodlands and larger gardens.
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly very rapidly, pausing briefly to feed from flowers; during the heat of the day they usually rest in dense shaded areas on underside of leaves with wings closed."
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	"[image] winter- or dry-season form spends more time resting in shady locations.Low areas in Iower austral and subtropical zones, including open woods, pines, open fields, and roadsides."
Habitat	"Shaded subtropical woods, flower gardens."
Non-Habitat	"Once thought to be a palatablemimic of the Monarch, studies now indicate that bothspecies are toxic to certain predators."
Habitat	"Riparian and swampy areas, lake edges"
Habitat	"Open deciduous woods and scrub, especially along streams and in openfields."
Habitat	"Ridgetops (males), open brushy areas and open woods."
Non-Habitat	The larva always rest on the underside of leaves
Habitat	wooded streams
Habitat	have their major populations limited to the pine scrub on Big Pine Key
Habitat	"It is found in shiubby ravines, coulees and along stream margins."
Habitat	"Edges and openings in  barrens, wooded swamps, etc."
Habitat	"Open, weedy fields in seasonal lowland tropics."
Non-Habitat	Flight. Late May - early July. Univoltine.
Non-Habitat	"the 1st-3rd-instar larvae remain gregarious, only dispersing to become solitary in the later instars"
Habitat	Open brushy areas in seasonal tropical low lands.
Habitat	Tropical pine-Sabal palm scrub.
Non-Habitat	" A true lover of flowers, they readily ventureout into nearby open areas in search of nectar andcontinuously flutter their wings while feeding. "
Non-Habitat	FWL: 17-20 mm
Non-Habitat	"Visible from a long distance, it warns both of poisonous taste and the orange, carrot-scented osmaterium which upon touch appear as horns behind the head."
Habitat	Virgin prairies.
Habitat	Thorny tropical scrub.
Habitat	In Illinois it is known only from sand savanna.open woods and sand savannas where gromwell grows.
Non-Habitat	30-42 mm
Non-Habitat	Fw 24-25 mm
Non-Habitat	36-46 mm
Habitat	"woodland-dwelling, Grapevine Epimenis is often found at woodland edges, best sought in flowery meadows and open woodlands"
Habitat	"Wetlands including acid bogs, and dwarf willow seeps."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly swiftly close to the ground.
Non-Habitat	Fw 16-21 mm
Non-Habitat	85-95 mm
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	" They do not visit flowers, but instead prefer tofeed at sap flows, rotting fruit, decaying vegetationand dung."
Non-Habitat	27-40mm
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are often found at leaf scars on the foodplant twigs, and sometimes in shallow grooves on branchlets. "
Habitat	"Tropical lowland to mid-eIevation forests, coffee plantations."
Habitat	"Areas with low vegetation or openings including grasslands, sagebrush, montane meadows, and alpine tundra."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	This species is fast-flying. 
Habitat	"Woodlands near streams and rivers, wooded suburbs."
Non-Habitat	"The larva, like those of closely related congeneric species, hangs leaf pieces with silk and rests on the silken pad located on the midvein at the leaf tip. It fixates the petiole of the leaf with silk to the twig, and it overwinters on the leaf."
Habitat	"Lowland forest edges, valley bottoms."
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	33-47 mm
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	110-120 mm.
Non-Habitat	"From the 1 st to the 3rd instar, the larva is brown. In the following spring, after molting, it turns green. The pupa, which is green, rests in suspensi on the leaf underside. "
Non-Habitat	[male] Haiti.; [female] Dominican Republic.
Non-Habitat	The butterfly tends to visit the same flowers as Dryas iulia and Dione juno
Habitat	Evergreen or semideciduous forest and hammocks.
Non-Habitat	"widespread, but is generally and locally rare"
Non-Habitat	"[male] Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic. June."
Habitat	"Usually in woods, along woodland edges, or by streams and rivers."
Habitat	"Canyons, pine woodlands, sagebrush flats."
Non-Habitat	Flight weak.
Non-Habitat	"Swallowtail (Papilio) pupae, as well as those of the festoons (Zerynthia), are cryptically coloured."
Habitat	"[image] tropical lowlandsEdge of brushy areas, trails, roadsides."
Habitat	"[image] Females are found most frequently in shady woods.[image] Males are seen most often in sunlit forest openings or forest edges.Brushy areas and openings near moist woods or streams, city parks."
Non-Habitat	85-100 mm
Habitat	canebrakes
Habitat	"This duskywing is often found on ridgetops in  areas of scrub oak or cut-over oak woods.Oak or oak-pine scrub, barrens, open sandy or shaley soils."
Habitat	Cypress grove in woody chaparrel slopes.This isolated species lives an uncertain existence in fire-prone habitat.
Habitat	"Rockfields, including rock slides… open rocky habitats usually above the timberline."
Non-Habitat	"The male is swift, while the female flies slowly in places where foodplants flourish"
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly very rapidly, pausing briefly to feed from flowers. Males patrol light gaps high in the canopy."
Habitat	"Rocky slopes and canyons, levees."
Non-Habitat	"Other plants, on which eggs have been laid, in Florida, are Chamaecrista brachiata, C. aspera and Abrus precatorius"
Non-Habitat	102-154 mm
Habitat	"Oak forests, openings, along trails, roadsides, in adjacent open areas.Males perch on the tips of branches in sunny spots, often several feet or more above ground.Adults, especially fresh males, visit damp sites for moisture."
Non-Habitat	This subspecies is found in Comoros. 
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, rapid flight andadeptly maneuver among understory vegetation."
Non-Habitat	28-35 mm
Non-Habitat	Males often patrol a large area flying at great speed close to the ground.
Habitat	Sometimes active during daytime.
Habitat	"Disturbed areas and second growth. Tropical gardens.Males perch a foot or two from the ground, often near nectar sources, where they await the arrival of receptive mates."
Non-Habitat	Flies over well-lit open places
Non-Habitat	" The Fiery Skipper has a rapid, darting flightbut frequently stops to perch on low vegetation."
Non-Habitat	"Butteflies of this species fly around in large circles with a fast buzzing sound, settling occasionally for a fraction of second."
Habitat	"The adults are found in marshes and swamps, or along slow-moving streams and ditches."
Non-Habitat	"nectar-rich plants such as thistles, which offer efficient means of acquiring energy needed to sustain a large insect. "
Non-Habitat	nectar at nearby blossoms 
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	"The Mountain Mimetic Swallowtail is not uncommon in submontane forest at Gashaka-Gumpti and on the Obudu Plateau, where it weaves its way slowly through the tangled undergrowth."
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	Late May or June to July or early August. Univoltine.
Non-Habitat	50-60 mm.
Non-Habitat	Males patrol suitable habitats in search of females.
Habitat	Sedge swamps.
Non-Habitat	" It dances along the forest floor witha weak, low flight. "
Habitat	Open pine woods.
Non-Habitat	"Nearly all live in shelters formed by drawing leaves together with silken threads, and most of them pupate within these same shelters."
Non-Habitat	75-90 mm
Habitat	" mixed deciduous forests, oak woodlands, forestclearings, roads and adjacent open areas;  theBanded Hairstreak is closely associated with mixedhardwood forests and can frequently be found alongwoodland edges or in sunlit clearings;  Males perch on shrubs or low, overhanging limbs and aggressively defend establishedterritories by engaging passing intruders."
Habitat	"Barrens and open woods on native hosts, highway shoulders, railroad beds, upland fields on Crown Vetch.This butterfly has rapidly expanded its range and abundance by colonizing the plantings of Crown Vetch along highways, interstates, and railroad beds."
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Non-Habitat	18-22 mm
Non-Habitat	Flight is rapid and often close to the ground. 
Non-Habitat	nectar sources
Non-Habitat	"Females lay eggs on the larval host plant, usually tick trefoil (Desmodium spp.) or false indigo (Baptisia spp.)."
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Habitat	Trails and light gaps in wet forest
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Canyon bottoms in mountains.
Habitat	Pinewoods.
Habitat	" moist woodlands, stream corridors, wetlandmargins"
Habitat	"Wooded areas, shrubby fields, roadsides, trails."
Habitat	"Open sunny areas with at least some bare soil and low  vegetation — open pine woods, prairies, landfills, highway shoulders, vacant lots, etc."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Pine-Oak Barrens
Habitat	" A butterfly of open, sunny habitats, the Clouded Sulphur can be commonlyencountered. It is generally most abundant in commercial clover or alfalfa fields, where it may occasionallybecome a serious pest.;  open, sunny sites including roadsides, fields,alfalfa fields, parks, vacant lots, pastures, gardens"
Habitat	"Open areas with low shrubs, found in native situations much more often than Eastern Tailed-Blue."
Habitat	"The Yehl Skipper is rare to uncommon largebutterfly of southeastern forested swamps or moistwoodlands.;  It is most frequently encountered in sunlitclearings, margins or roadsides.; forested swamps and associated clearings andmargins"
Habitat	"Several species are found primarily in wetlands (marshes, swamps, river forests) or similar moist situations."
Non-Habitat	Eggs are globular and laid singly.
Habitat	Tropical seasonally dry forest and associated edges.
Habitat	"Open sunny areas with at least some bare soil and low  vegetation — open pine woods, prairies, landfills, highway shoulders, vacant lots, etc."
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Habitat	Grassy areas in and above wet tundra.
Habitat	"Gullies, stream bottoms, foothills."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Arid chaparral.
Non-Habitat	Adults are exceedingly fond of flowers and readily congregate at available blossoms. They have a strongpreference for colorful composites
Non-Habitat	 Theelongated slender larvae construct individual shelterson the host by tying several grass blades together withsilk. 
Non-Habitat	The female lays eggs one by one on the leaf underside. 
Non-Habitat	Fast flier
Habitat	Alpine and subalpine meadows and flowery rock slides.
Habitat	"Open areas almost anywhere, pastures, brushy fields, roadsides, trails, gardens, meadows, usually where vegetation is low."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 18-20 mm
Non-Habitat	"They frequently feed from flowers, such as Pimelea and Helichrysum. "
Non-Habitat	March - Late October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	"The mountains of North Asia west to Altai, including the territories of Russian Federation (Siberiaand the Far East), Kazakstan (Altai), China (north), Mongolia (north), N. Korea, Japan (Hokkaido); andNW USA (Alaska)."
Non-Habitat	84-90 mm
Habitat	Coastal marshes.
Habitat	Deciduous woods and nearby openings or edges.
Non-Habitat	75-90 mm.
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in the Eastern Cape, Natal, East and Northern Transvaal, Mashonaland, and Moҫambique, and ranges to tropical Africa."
Habitat	Open fields and pastures in  tropical lowlands.
Non-Habitat	This genus is represented in Southern Africa by a single species. 
Non-Habitat	laid singly on tip of host leaves
Habitat	"Slopes and summits of hills in dry virgin prairie, foothills, subalpine areas, and tundra."
Habitat	Trails and woods edges.
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	"The female lays 1-2 eggs on a twig, leaf scar, or underside edge of a leaf eaten out roundly about 1-3m above ground level. "
Habitat	"Edges of damp woods or bogs, openings along streams, city parks."
Habitat	"[image] much more likely to be found in native grasslands and prairies than its close relative, the Crossline Skipper. Lawns, pastures, vacant lots, prairie swales."
Habitat	"Grassy alpine slopes, tundra, and subarctic bogs."
Non-Habitat	The species has a very rapid flight and is extremely wary and difficult to approach closely.
Habitat	"Streambeds, dry washes in sagebrush-juniper woodland."
Non-Habitat	"One day in Nairobi at 13.30 hrs I watched two males fighting vigorously on a piece of lawn no more than twelve square metres; they flew at great speed between 25 and 75cm above the grass, rarely less than 15cm from each other, and after seven minutes one flew away while the other settled on a leaf in the middle of the fight arena."
Habitat	[resricted to] upper margins of salt marshes along the coast
Non-Habitat	Fw 14-15 mm
Non-Habitat	This species will settle on flowers. 
Non-Habitat	"The larvae spin a shelter from one or more leaves and spend most of the day in the shelters, mainly feeding at night."
Non-Habitat	"The Tarbagatai, Saur and Altai Mts. within Kazakstan and Russian Federation; ? China, ? Mongolia."
Habitat	Tropical scrub and associated openings and edges.
Habitat	"Open sphagnum bogs, grassy areas with acidic soils."
Non-Habitat	30 mm
Non-Habitat	Pupation is in silken nests on the upper parts of the larval host plant.
Non-Habitat	22-32 mm
Non-Habitat	"If disturbed, or during inclement weather,they dart away and land out of sight on the undersideof large, broad leaves."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu; Uganda- Western Uganda
Habitat	"Edges and openings in  barrens, wooded swamps, etc."
Non-Habitat	62-74 mm
Non-Habitat	43-59 mm
Habitat	Grassy openings in tropical woods.
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	May - Late September; two generations
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu; Uganda- Bwindi, Mafuga, Mt Rwenzori"
Non-Habitat	The white flower of Viburnum cylindricum is their favorite to feed on. 
Non-Habitat	Males hilltop in Queensland. Infrequent visitor to cc. New South Wales. Widespread.
Habitat	Subarctic forest openings and arctic tundra.
Habitat	Virgin prairie.
Habitat	Openings and edges of mid-elevation evergreen forests in tropics; known from several habitats in Texas.
Non-Habitat	 Males may be encountered sipping moisture atdamp earth.
Non-Habitat	[image] flies close to the ground
Non-Habitat	31-35 mm
Non-Habitat	37-39 mm
Habitat	"some alkaline and sandy habitats[not found in] arid lowland Southwest Relatively moist grasslands and hillsides, sometimes mixed with shrubs or along woodland edges."
Habitat	"Flight is rapid and erratic, often in shade.Lowland tropical evergreen or semideciduous forests."
Habitat	Wide range of tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	Resident and migrant
Non-Habitat	" readily stop to nectar at colorful wildflowers,being particularly fond of milkweeds, Joe-pye Weedand thistles."
Habitat	"Damp subalpine streamsides, acid bogs, taiga."
Habitat	"Open scrub, woodland edges."
Habitat	"Two of the Illinois species are found in a great variety of habitats.[Hobomok Skipper (P. hobomok) and Zabulon Skipper (P. zabulon)] occur along forest edges, in parks and gardens, along roasides, in open fields, and in pasturesThe Mulberry Wing Skipper (P. massasoit)and Broad-winged Skipper (P. viator) are more restricted in habitat selection, occurring only in bogs and marshes where their specific larval hosts grow.Yehl Skipper is… found in only a few canebrakes"
Habitat	"On or near scrub oaks in sand barrens, shale barrens, limestone ridges, and similar open areas."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	"Open spaces, including fields, meadows, roadsides, and coastal dunes."
Non-Habitat	lazily slow. Tend to fly low to the ground
Non-Habitat	Males patrol hilltops awaiting females; other Speyeria males patrol meadows and hillsides.
Habitat	Grassy oak and pine-oak woodland and desert grasslands.
Non-Habitat	60-70 mm
Habitat	"usually found in more open habitats, often those dominated by sagebrush or similar shrubs.Open arid brushlands, often sagebrush flats and slopes, from low foothills to high plains and subalpine habitats. Even found above timberline in a few sites, such as cen. Calif."
Habitat	"Openings in woods near streams, shale barrens, marsh edges."
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is fast-flying but frequently settles on flowers. 
Non-Habitat	"[male] Portsmouth, Dominica. October"
Non-Habitat	large migrations have been seen in the tropics
Habitat	Northeastern swamps
Habitat	Shaded subtropical woods. Polxthrixes often perch upside-down under large leaves in the forest understory.
Habitat	"Open woods, parks, vicinity of rivers."
Habitat	"Males patrol on flats.Open, relatively dry areas, often weedy; pastures, sandy lots, railroad beds."
Habitat	"Coastal dunes, streambeds in oak woodland and chaparral."
Habitat	inhabit woodlands and larger gardens.
Habitat	Near woodland streams.
Habitat	Gardens and citrus groves.
Habitat	"Conifer forests, often old growth, digger pine, true fir, and others have been reportedspends much time in the canopy of tall conifers."
Non-Habitat	"[image] Each Summer, these small butterflies move up from the South and Southwest, temporarily colonizing a vast territory before the onset of winter."
Habitat	" It typically occurs in small,isolated colonies that are often best discovered by firstlocating patches of its larval host; moist, cool, shaded, deciduous woodlands, forest trails, woodland roads, shaded ravines, woodedridgetops and stream corridors"
Non-Habitat	"Confined to Porto Rico, and the only Calisto known there. ...RANGE and TL: Porto Rico."
Non-Habitat	"Pyrrhiades have a more measured, buzzing flight."
Non-Habitat	"Swift, but rather jerky flight at eye-level"
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-17 mm
Habitat	Seasonal mid-elevation tropical forests and edges.
Habitat	Not reported.
Habitat	"Open areas near woods, barrens, taiga (?)."
Habitat	"Hardwood hammocks in  Fla., riverforests in lowland tropics.Usually seen perched head down on tree trunks with wings closed."
Habitat	"Open fields, dry washes, dunes, pastures, river courses, and other open areas."
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in Natal, Transvaal, Bechuanaland, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and range to tropical Africa. "
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Habitat	Open tropical woods.
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Habitat	"Oak or oak-pine scrub, chaparral, often on sandy or rocky soils. Males perch on hilltops and ridges to await receptive females."
Habitat	"Clearings in river forest, overgrown orchards, weedy areas near houses.Adults roost under leaves at night."
Non-Habitat	20-25mm
Non-Habitat	 laid on host stems
Habitat	Tropical woods or scrub and associated edges.
Non-Habitat	"extremely local in its occurrence, being rare where it flies. "
Habitat	"The Mulberry Wing Skipper (P. massasoit)and Broad-winged Skipper (P. viator) are more restricted in habitat selection, occurring only in bogs and marshes where their specific larval hosts grow."
Habitat	short-grass prairie
Non-Habitat	"Cuba, Haiti, Jamaica and Cayman Islands — resident but apparently rare or local. Not recorded from Porto Rico. Grenada —probably vagrants from north or south, probably the latter. Because these island populations all have rather heavier black borders on the underside of the hindwing than is typical of D. eresimus from Surinam they are sometimes treated as a distinct subspecies, tethys Forbes 1943. RANGE: southern U.S.A. to Brazil and Peru. TL: Surinam."
Non-Habitat	25-30mm
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in the Eastern Cape, Natal, Eastern and Northern Transvaal, on the eastern Border of Rhodesia, and in Moҫambique."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	 Larvae construct individualleaf shelters on the host.
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread; distribution in extreme eastern parts require confirmation."
Habitat	"Hot, dry canyons in Southwest, lowland tropical scrub elsewhere."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Tropical scrub and seasonal forest.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly slowly and erratically.
Habitat	"[image] wet or moist areas where males can be seen perching prominantly within 3 feet of the ground.Damp or wet fields, marshes, prairies."
Habitat	poplar forests and clearings
Non-Habitat	75-100 mm
Non-Habitat	" 0.80-1.25"" (2.0-3.2 cm)"
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread."
Non-Habitat	25-33 mm (1-1 5/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	The foodplant of this species is Niebuhria. 
Habitat	"Moist openings and bogs, usually in lodgepole pine forests."
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	"It regularly expands itsrange each summer, establishing temporary breedingcolonies throughout the southeast from Maryland toTexas.; Resident Visitor [to the Carolinas]"
Habitat	"Males patrol ridges and hilltops.Subarctic and montane slopes and peaks, open plains, railyards."
Non-Habitat	April - September; single generation
Non-Habitat	"It is curious that of this cosmopolitan family, so strongly represented in South and Central America, only a single genus has penetrated the Caribbean subregion. This is the genus Calistowhich, besides being the only Satyrid genus tooccur in the Caribbean area, is not found anywhere else in the world. ...The nineteen species recognised below are confined to the Greater Antilles, and more than half of them to Hispaniola alone, where many are to be found only at comparatively high altitudes, and most are quite rare. ...not one of the numerous small and delicate species of Satyridae that occur plentifully in neighbouring Central America, Venezuela, Guiana, Trinidad or Tobago, has established a foothold on any of the islands. ...Tropical and subtropical regions seem only to have been invaded by them where additional monocotyledons such as bamboos, cane, rice, maize, etc., provide them with suitable food plants. "
Non-Habitat	 Adults have a powerful and fast flight andtend to be quite wary and difficult to closely approacheven when nectaring at many late summer blossoms.
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	"On the bifurcation point of a small twig or a leaf scar, 1-2 eggs are laid. "
Non-Habitat	"Resident visitor [to the Carolinas];  A year-round resident of the southeast, it regularly expands its range northward each year and isparticularly abundant in the fall."
Habitat	"Shaded subtropical woods, flower gardens."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	"Tropical forest clearings, roadsides, gardens, pastures."
Non-Habitat	"Year round; single generation; Green Comma overwinters as an adult, hibernating inlog piles, tree hollows or even within manmade structures, As a result, the adults are long-lived and maysurvive for many months."
Non-Habitat	16-20mm
Non-Habitat	Fw 21-23 mm
Non-Habitat	"From Sri Lanka, India, Indo-China |and Malaysia, through the Philippines, PIndonesia, New Guinea and Australia,to the Solomons, New Caledonia and jVanuatu.C. pomona is a common and widespread butterfly throughout most of its widegeographical range, although it appears to be only locally frequent in Vanuatu, due perhaps totop: male (Vanua Lava) / bottom : fem ale f. crocale (Paama)A F IE L D G U ID E T O T H E B U T T E R F L IE S O F V A N U A T U / T E N N E N Tsporadic migrations. It is scarce in the northern islands (interestingly, in the Santa Cruz group[Solomon Islands] in the north of the New Hebrides Archipelago, it was reported only from theisland of Nendo [Tennent, 2002c]). Reported from Tegua, Mota Lava, Vanua Lava, Gaua, EspirituSanto, Ambae, Maewo, Pentecost, Malakula, Ambrym, Paama, Epi, Efate, Erromango, Tanna,Futuna and Aneityum. Most frequent in the central islands from Espiritu Santo to Efate."
Non-Habitat	25-36 mm (1-1 7/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	"The overwintering larva rests on the upperside of a leaf about 10-15m above the ground level of a foodplant growing at sunny, well-illuminated place. None is found in dimly-lit place or in low trees. The overwintering larva is not found on the leaf at the very end of a branch, but most often found on a second one.  "
Non-Habitat	"migrant and temporary colonist north to Ore., s. Man., s. Ont., and s. Me.[image] They may occasionally participate in migrations- often along caostlines."
Habitat	"Short-grass prairie, grassy openings in Ponderosa pine forest."
Non-Habitat	Have eyes and antennae-like tails that may confuse predators so that they may catch a piece of wing rather than a whole butterfly.
Non-Habitat	eggs laid singly and somewhat haphazardly near host leaves
Habitat	Gardens and citrus groves.
Habitat	Rocky desert hills and ridges in thorn scrub and oak-juniper zones. Males fly to hilltops in search of likely mates.
Habitat	HABITAT: Canadian zone woods.
Habitat	"Open areas, pastures, roadsides, old fields."
Habitat	"This duskywing is often found on ridgetops in  areas of scrub oak or cut-over oak woods.Oak or oak-pine scrub, barrens, open sandy or shaley soils."
Habitat	Tangles of Atriplex along flats adjacent to rivercourses.It seldom leaves the shelter of its host-plant shrubs and is difficult to view closely.
Habitat	"Slopes and summits of hills in dry virgin prairie, tundra."
Habitat	Alpine willow bogs and lush meadows in conifer forests.
Non-Habitat	"[male] Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic. June."
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Altai; record for Turan in Tuva needs clarification"
Habitat	"Weedy areas, roadsides, gardens."
Habitat	Found mostly in wetlands
Non-Habitat	Some species will perch at the edge of the forest in early mornings and may then be quite aggressive for their size.
Habitat	"Open situations, including prairies, mountain meadows, and sagebrush flats."
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread, excluding Tuva"
Habitat	"Woods edges, trails, willows near river courses."
Non-Habitat	Eggs were laid on overwintering buds or leaf undersides of the larval foodplant trees about 0.5-6m high
Non-Habitat	April - Early October; multiple generations
Habitat	"Cutover areas, forest edges, stream valleys."
Habitat	"Openings in  or near stream courses, marshes, seeps, moist fields, city parks, ridge tops (males). Maybe found in a wide variety of habitats during migration."
Non-Habitat	Late April - Early October; two generations
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Non-Habitat	[image] Females lay eggs in clusters on sunflower leaves
Non-Habitat	" 0.85-1.00"" (2.2-2.5 cm)"
Habitat	"Open spaces, including fields, meadows, roadsides, and coastal dunes."
Non-Habitat	24-26 mm
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Open woodland, power-line cuts, cultivated gardens, and other habitats."
Non-Habitat	35-46 mm
Habitat	"Typically they are found in woodlands and old fields, but sometimes in gardens."
Habitat	"Open grassy slopes, mountain meadows."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	April - September; three generations
Non-Habitat	" The butterfly has a fast, erratic flight butreadily stops to nectar or perch on sunlit leaves ortwigs"
Habitat	Wooded canals.
Non-Habitat	24-28 mm
Habitat	"Streamsides, river forests, small towns, and subdivisions."
Habitat	"Open areas, weedy areas, open woods, gardens, vacant lots.Males perch with wings widespread on low vegetation awaiting receptive passing females."
Habitat	"Woods, old fields, especially on basic soils."
Habitat	Openings in various tropical forests.
Habitat	"Second-growth woods, deciduous woodlands, edges, wooded swamps, and pine barrens."
Non-Habitat	"2.7-3.3"" (6.9-8.4 cm)"
Non-Habitat	The adult settles on flowers. 
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on or near host leaves
Non-Habitat	June-early August
Non-Habitat	tend to fly low to the ground
Habitat	Tree-Iined canyons and small streams in mountains or foothills.
Non-Habitat	75-100 mm
Non-Habitat	Swift flier
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, including meadows, sand barrens, hillsides."
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Non-Habitat	Females lays single egg near the root of Papaveraceae Adlumia Asiatica or near by rocks.
Habitat	"The alpines are limited to subalpine, alpine, and arctic habitats throughout the Northern Hemisphere. Most species are found in mountainous Eurasia. In eastern North America six  species occur, primarily in boreal portions of eastern Canada, but two bog species (E. disa and E. discoidalis)Males patrol low over grassy vegetation"
Habitat	All of our species are occasionally migratory or regularly change elevations.
Habitat	" wooded swamps, hammocks, forest edges,suburban gardens, moist woodlands and evergreenswamps; the Palamedes Swallowtail is abundant in moistlowland woodlands and evergreen swamps. It may becommonly encountered in suburban gardens or alongroadsides."
Non-Habitat	50-66 mm.
Habitat	"Black Spruce—sphagnum bogs often with larch, wet tundra."
Habitat	" open grassy areas, pine savannas, moist meadows and forest edges;  It typically occurs in spotty,localized colonies in close association with its sole larval host, but may be common when encountered.;"
Non-Habitat	flying at canopy level
Non-Habitat	"Movesswiftly, but pauses to visit flowers fornectar."
Habitat	Subtropical scrub and associated gullies. Males perch on tall shrubs in steep canyons.
Habitat	Coastal plain populations
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a rapid, darting flight"
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid singly
Habitat	[image] roosts upside down under large leaves. Look for them along shaded forest streams.Tropical woods near streams or rivers.
Habitat	"Except for arctic and prairie species, the butterflies are usually found in  woodlands, often those associated with streams or swamps."
Non-Habitat	They fly over bushes or trees searching for their foodplantand will settle on flowers.
Non-Habitat	Larvae live within shelters they form by tying or rolling leaves together withsilk. When not feeding a larva will be found within its shelter; feeding ismostly at night when it leaves the shelter.
Habitat	" open, disturbed sites including roadsides, oldfields, utility easements and fallow agricultural land"
Habitat	"Oak woodland, chaparral, and juniper woodland. Males of this and the previous two species [Black and Fulvia Checkerspots] perch on ridges or hilltops, where they await receptive females."
Non-Habitat	"This species is endemic to Seychelles where it has been recorded on Aldabra, Assumption and Astove. This butterfly has a narrow distribution. "
Habitat	"Open and scrubby areas — dry meadows, power-line rights of way, prairie hills, upland barrens, etc."
Habitat	Salt marshes.
Habitat	"Thickets, woodland openings and brushy edges. This species tends to stay closer to woodlands than related species.Males perch at about 3-4 ft."
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	37-52 mm
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-16 mm
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Open, scrubby areas such as dry meadows, and prairie hills."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	"Upland boreal forests, especially deciduous."
Non-Habitat	 Larvae construct individualleaf shelters on the host.
Non-Habitat	rather shy
Non-Habitat	"A very rapid and erratic flier,"
Non-Habitat	FWL: 22-23 mm
Non-Habitat	" 3.5-5.5"" (8.9-14.0 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"Males are extremely pugnacious, darting out at anything that invades their territories. Larvae live in nests of rolled leaves."
Non-Habitat	"Europe, N.-W. Africa, Asia, N. America."
Non-Habitat	105-128 mm
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne U.S.
Habitat	shale barrens scattered along the Appalachians
Non-Habitat	34-40 mm
Non-Habitat	"1.9-2.4"" (4.8-6.1 cm}"
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	26-32 mm
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, strong flight and can be achallenge to follow"
Non-Habitat	Fw 18-21 mm
Non-Habitat	55-65 mm
Non-Habitat	"Flight slow, Sailer-like"
Habitat	found in most tropical regionsFreshly emerged males gather in groups at moist sand along rivers and streams.
Non-Habitat	"When they have increased locally and their larval food plants have been defoliated, they move on in search of new areas to lay eggs."
Habitat	Openings and edges of subtropical hammocks: often found in nearby fields.
Habitat	"[image]Adult males are often found on hill summits or ridgetops.Subtropical scrub, desert foothills, limestone ridges."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 17 mm
Habitat	Sunny areas along shady rocky slopes and canyonsides in mountain coniferous or oak-pine forests.Males perch and patrol back and forth near host plants.
Non-Habitat	85-93 mm
Habitat	short-grass prairie
Habitat	"Openings in Canadian zone coniferous or mixed woods, often along or near streams."
Non-Habitat	"The egg is laid singly on the upperside of a foodplant leaf. After laying an egg, the female flies for a short while, and lays another. A captured female does not oviposit easily when it is enclosed in a bag of cloth covering a foodplant. However, a forced oviposition technique works well: Lay the female on its abdomen in a plastic jar of which bottom is fully covered with larval foodplant leaves. Illuminate and heat the jar with a bulb about 60-100 watts about 15-20cm above to keep its temperature about 26-28 degrees celcius. Then, although the female lays no egg on the 1 st day, it starts ovipositing on the 2nd day, and the number of eggs laid rapidly increases on the 3rd day and onwards. In the end it lays eggs even on the walls of the jar. "
Non-Habitat	" The Cloudless Sulphur is a large yellow butterfly with a fast, powerful flight."
Habitat	they are often found in old fields and wetlands
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"BorealStream bottoms, hillsides, and meadows in a variety of settings, usually in mountains or foothills.Males patrol hillsides or valley bottoms."
Habitat	Tropical woodland and scrub in Mex.; hardwood hammocks in s. Fla. Strays may be found in a wide variety of habitats.
Non-Habitat	" 0.80-1.25"" (2.0-3.2 cm)"
Habitat	Sunny open slopes in foothills and desert canyons.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	 They are fond of flowers and oftenabundant in home gardens.
Non-Habitat	 Bothsexes are exceedingly fond of flowers and readily stopto nectar.
Habitat	"HABITAT: Openings in tropical thorn forest andscrub; city gardens, wood edges."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	Open tropical woods.
Non-Habitat	Migrant
Habitat	"Open woodlands and fields, gardens, and hillsides near woodlands."
Non-Habitat	"the status of decorata may be summarised as being rare generally, but occasional locally"
Habitat	Streams and shady areas within seasonal tropical forest or scrub. Males are also found at stream edges sipping moisture.
Habitat	"Sagebrush flats, prairies, mountain summits."
Non-Habitat	May - July; single generation; young larvae hatch the following spring
Non-Habitat	migrate south in the fall and return in the spring.
Habitat	Tree-lined streams and canyons in  foothills and mountains.
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is found mostly in the warmer zones (of Southern Africa). 
Habitat	[resricted to] upper margins of salt marshes along the coast
Habitat	"Moist woods along rivers, wooded swamps, and pine flatwoods. Sea level to 1500 ft. (450 m)."
Habitat	Adults spend much of their time perched upside-down under large leaves in tropical forest understories or in small clearings. Males perch in sunlit patches in tropical forests.
Habitat	Seasonally dry tropical forests.
Habitat	Arctic tundra.
Non-Habitat	"C. pyranthe occurs from Sri Lanka to Taiwan, and eastwards through the Philippinesand Indonesia to northern and easternAustralia, and Pacific islands as far east as Fiji.Apparently absent from New Guinea and theSolomons Archipelago. C. p. lactea is found onNew Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji.Reported from Hiu, Tegua, Loh, Toga, Ureparapara, Mota Lava, Mota, Gaua, Espiritu Santo,Ambae, Pentecost, Malakula, Ambrym, Paama, Epi, Efate, Erromango, Tanna, Futuna andAneityum."
Habitat	"open, grassy areas including old fields, roadsides, vacant lots, open woodlands, forest edges,parks, lawns and gardens; "
Habitat	usually restricted to dune habitats close to wetlands.
Non-Habitat	32-56 mm
Habitat	Bogs or wet tundra.
Habitat	"Males patrol hillsides or valley bottoms.A variety of open sunny areas, usually along valleys or hillsides"
Non-Habitat	"Local. Occurs sporadically from the Torres Strait islands to Sarina and Byfield, Queensland."
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	"Woods near rivers, swamps, marshes, moist woods, etc."
Non-Habitat	Males patrol with a slow bouncing Flight through grasses and sedges.
Non-Habitat	May - Early October; two generations; Larvae overwinter. 
Habitat	Openings in subtropical forest in tropics.
Habitat	Acid bogs with cranberries and other low heath family plants.
Habitat	"This is a predominantly temperate group, with most species found in mountainous or alpine habitats."
Habitat	tropical
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Fields, openings, edges in tropical lowlands and foothills."
Habitat	Openings in pine forests.
Habitat	The adults are usually found in direct association with their caterpillar host plants.
Habitat	"Hot, dry canyons in Southwest, lowland tropical scrub elsewhere."
Habitat	Openings in woods.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly. When settled during the heat of the day they typically rest upside down beneath a leaf with wings closed.
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies
Non-Habitat	"1.5-1.9"" (3.3-4.8 cm)"
Non-Habitat	34-39 mm
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid singly on either young bud, leaf upperside, or underside. "
Habitat	Openings in lowland tropical forests and second growth.
Non-Habitat	Larvae construct individualleaf shelters on the host.
Non-Habitat	Zambia (National endemic)- Fwambo
Habitat	"Open areas—fields, gardens, waste areas, marshes. Sea level to 7000 ft.(2150 m)."
Non-Habitat	"Slow, sailing, graceful flight"
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, river woods,desert mountains, and fields."
Non-Habitat	The larva lives in a tent at the base of the host plant
Non-Habitat	"As its name suggests, it is restricted to themoist, deciduous forests of the western Carolinas.; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Non-Habitat	Males regularly visit moist earth to imbibe water andnutrients
Habitat	limited to hardwood hammocks.
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread."
Non-Habitat	This species is migratory.
Non-Habitat	The flight is faster and higher than usual in the genus.
Non-Habitat	81-99 mm
Non-Habitat	Fw 14 mm
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly rapidly close to the ground, pausing briefly to settle or to feed from flowers. "
Habitat	"Woods, old fields, especially on basic soils."
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Altai, western part of West Sayan, Tsagan-Shibetu and WestTannu-Ola Mts."
Non-Habitat	Migratory tendencies. In 1968 my father saw a vast single-species migration in the Guinea savannah of Nigeria (somewhere near the present Abuja). I once saw more modest numbers as a major component of a mixed migration towards the northeast at Natitingou in Bénin (April 1978) (Larsen 1978).
Non-Habitat	82-113 mm
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground.
Habitat	Occurs near wetlands.
Non-Habitat	The flight of the Lepeletier's Sylph is a bounding one.
Non-Habitat	"The female preferentially selects dimly-lit forested areas, and lays eggs singly on either upperside or underside of leaves, or small twigs of the larval foodplant trees growing in roomy surroundings."
Habitat	"[image] Limited to native tall-grass praires, often in reserves where it is threatened by overuse of fire by well-meaning conservationists.Native, tall-grass prairie."
Non-Habitat	31-37 mm
Non-Habitat	72-78 mm
Habitat	"Upland pastures, openings in coniferous woods, and bogs."
Non-Habitat	62-78 mm
Non-Habitat	Late May - Early September; two generations
Habitat	Found in woodlands and larger gardens.
Non-Habitat	" 0.75-1.00"" (1.9-2.5 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"The habits of O. lux are much like those of O. laronia, where males of O. laronia perch from morning to noon, making frequent furious sorties intercepting and fighting with other males, even those of other species."
Non-Habitat	26-29 mm
Habitat	Swamp woods or wet woods near sluggish streams. Cane stands must be present.
Non-Habitat	"Female species in middle region attaches 5 to 21 eggs in the back of food plant around early-May. Egg has spherical shape with flat bottom, with width of 0.98 mm. The egg has smooth surface and the color shifts from yellow-white, blueish-purple then gray-brown. The the species spend as egg is about 12 to 15 days. "
Habitat	Near oaks.
Habitat	"A wide variety of open, sunny situations with suilable host plants."
Non-Habitat	35-42 mm
Habitat	Wood edges and roadsides.
Non-Habitat	The larvae of Pyrrhochalcia are often seen in the open during daytime and are considered aposematic by Sourakov & Emmel (1997d).
Non-Habitat	" They are sedentary and seldom seen, but often become active on mild days tonectar before disappearing again"
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.5"" (2.5-3.8 cm)"
Non-Habitat	2-10 eggs are laid in batches on the underside of a leaf. 
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a quick, dartingflight that IS usually low to the ground"
Non-Habitat	41-56 mm
Habitat	"Rich, deciduous woods."
Habitat	"Black Spruce bogs, pine woods."
Non-Habitat	A single egg was collected... The egg was laid at an end bud about 3m above ground level. 
Habitat	Tropical forests and edges in lowlands and mid elevations.
Non-Habitat	Early March - Mid November; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	caterpillar… lives in a leaf shelter.
Non-Habitat	25-36mm
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a rapid,powerful flight that produces a noticeable buzz whenclose "
Habitat	Lowland palmetto scrub.
Non-Habitat	"The flight of the Pyrrhiades genus is slow and buzzing, and close to the flight of Pyrrhochalcia iphis."
Non-Habitat	Late May - September; two generations
Non-Habitat	The male flies slowly like a danaid
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Virgin prairies.
Non-Habitat	appearing drab and leaf-like when butterfly is at rest with wings folded.
Non-Habitat	The female oviposits on young leaves of the foodplant
Habitat	"Moist areas on shaded limestone outcrops, subtropical woods."
Non-Habitat	30-38 mm
Habitat	"Grassy slopes, mixed chaparral and oak woodland, openings in redwood forests.[image]Males will fly to ridgetops to seek females."
Habitat	Disturijed forest and edges
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	A slow flier
Habitat	"Open Leatherleaf bogs, margins of open black spruce bogs, Jack Pine and Lodgepole Pine forests."
Habitat	Openings in pine forests.
Non-Habitat	75-95 mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	38-45 mm
Non-Habitat	Oviposition has been observed on the sedge Carex trichocarpa
Non-Habitat	more common south of the Cordillera in rainforest 
Non-Habitat	41-47 mm
Habitat	 grasslands of the southeastern comer of the province.
Non-Habitat	Fw 22-24 mm
Non-Habitat	fast on the wing and tends to fly high. 
Non-Habitat	Mid May-Early September
Non-Habitat	" 1.25-1.40"" (3.2-3.6 cm)"
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Habitat	Chaparral and brush in foothills.Adults may be found on host or flowers
Non-Habitat	"Said to be very slow on the wing which suggests, having regard to its bold colours, that it is distasteful and enjoys some immunity from the attacks of predators. "
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a strong, directed flight"
Habitat	"Open fields and meadows, roadsides, etc.  Prefers moist areas on rich soil."
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional locallu"
Habitat	commonly found in woodlands and larger gardens
Non-Habitat	"The winter is passed by  young caterpillars, which seek shelter at the base of plants or under rocks."
Habitat	"Desert washes, low ridges, openings in moist thorn scrub."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Pine-palmelto scrub or its edges.
Habitat	Tropical woods.
Non-Habitat	Fast flier
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid one by one on dead grasses, herbs, or even sand and pebbles, near a larval foodplant. In captive breeding, the egg hatches in 10 days to 2 weeks after oviposition. "
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread, excluding west and north-west parts."
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	62-86 mm
Habitat	"western plains Short-grass prairie, sand hills, rocky bluffs."
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Non-Habitat	110-130 mm.
Non-Habitat	Common 
Non-Habitat	flies lightly in well-lit open spaces; Its flight is low
Habitat	Deciduous or mixed woods — often found along dirt  roads or open ridgetops.
Non-Habitat	25-31mm
Non-Habitat	30-44 mm
Non-Habitat	"The adults have a rapid, jerky flight and settle frequently."
Non-Habitat	The female lays the egg one by one on a bud or an immature flower spike of the foodplant. 
Non-Habitat	26-34 mm
Non-Habitat	27-37 mm
Habitat	"Parks, roadsides, hedgerows."
Non-Habitat	"Weak, fluttering, patrolling flight."
Habitat	Open tropical woods.
Habitat	"Ridgetops (males), open brushy areas and open woods."
Non-Habitat	"Adult flight is rapid,"
Habitat	Oak thickets in foothills.Males perch on hilltops
Habitat	"Males perch, either in openings or on promontories"
Habitat	Males [of S. callippe] patrol hilltops awaiting females; other Speyeria males patrol meadows and hillsides.
Habitat	"limited in their occurrence to unplowed tall-grass prairie, mainly in preserves."
Habitat	Openings in Canadian zone forests.Freshly emerged males congregate at  wet spots adjacent to streams and lakes.
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Tropical woods or scrub and associated edges.
Habitat	Oak woods or scrub and adjacent edges or fields.
Non-Habitat	"Weak flight, close to the ground"
Non-Habitat	19-25 mm (3/4-1 inch).
Habitat	Oak woods or scrub and adjacent edges or fields.
Habitat	"western plains Short-grass prairie, sand hills, rocky bluffs."
Non-Habitat	" The White Peacock has a fast, erratic flightusually within a few feet of the ground and readilyalights on low vegetation"
Habitat	Gulches and small ravines in open woodlands and grasslands.
Non-Habitat	26-28 mm (1-1 1/6 inches
Non-Habitat	65-80 mm
Habitat	"Stream courses, dry gulches. city parks.[image] Males perch and patrol along stream-courses, washes, or small clearings."
Habitat	Weedy fields and edges in lowland tropical forests.
Habitat	Forests with oaks or hickories and adjacent edges or fields.[image] even in urban parks. Adults are most easily found nectaring at milkweeds near forest edges.
Non-Habitat	70-98 mm.
Non-Habitat	42-48 mm
Habitat	"Canyons, ravines, mesquite grassland, and dunes."
Habitat	Tall-grass prairie.
Non-Habitat	"N. Africa, C. and S. Europe, moderate and subtropical parts of W. and C. Asia."
Habitat	"Wet, open woodland, often long-leafed pine woods."
Habitat	Wet tundra and rock slides.
Habitat	"Damp subalpine streamsides, acid bogs, taiga."
Non-Habitat	"The behaviour is similar to that of P. chrapkowskoides, a subspecies (nurettini) of which has a flight that is fast and weaving."
Non-Habitat	23mm
Non-Habitat	"Because these island populations all have rather heavier black borders on the underside of the hindwing than is typical of D. eresimus from Surinam they are sometimes treated as a distinct subspecies, tethys Forbes 1943."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves or flowers
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Non-Habitat	Common Grizzled Skippers fly about with a rapid flight low down.
Habitat	"City flower gardens, lakes formed from cut-off river oxbows, canals, fields."
Non-Habitat	Sailing leisurely and gracefully
Habitat	"In boreal N. Amer.Subarctic and montane slopes and peaks, alpine tundra, meadows, open plains, railyards.Males patrol ridges and hilltops."
Non-Habitat	 They visita variety of moisture-loving flowers.
Habitat	"western plains Short-grass prairie, sand hills, rocky bluffs."
Non-Habitat	"P. lucagus has a slow, hovering flight almost standing still in the air when investigating flowers, damp patches, and bird-droppings, all of which it is fond of. Dozens are sometimes seen flying slowly around flowering mango trees. This is quite different from the frenzied flight of the Coeliades."
Habitat	Wet tropical forests.
Habitat	" overgrown fields near forest margins, brushywoodland clearings, shrubby roadsides and trails, andunmanaged pastures or fencerows;  It frequents a variety of semi-open, brushy habitats in closeassociation with its somewhat weedy, thicket-forminghosts;  readily perch on the top of small treesor shrubs."
Non-Habitat	26-28 mm
Non-Habitat	"In the summer, pupation takes place on the leaf underside of the foodplant, whereas in winter the mature larva leaves the foodplant and pupates on a nearby stone wall or building. "
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	Borbo borbonica morella is the only Seychelles endemic shared by both the Inner and Aldabra groups. 
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Habitat	"Near streams in  moist, lowland tropical forests, especially associated edges and openings."
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, including mountain meadows, edges of prairie marshes, and lawns.praire"
Habitat	Northern deciduous and mixed evergreen-deciduous forests and associated edges.
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, including old fields, openings, prairie hills, barrens, and power-line rights of way."
Habitat	[resricted to] upper margins of salt marshes along the coast
Non-Habitat	This genus is represented by one species south of the Zambezi River. 
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	23-41 (7/8-1 3/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	"Eurema desjardinsii has a subspecies that occurs on Comoros and Madagascar, and another subspecies which occurs in Africa."
Habitat	"Wide variety of open, sunny areas—waste fields, prairies, pastures, etc."
Non-Habitat	92-124 mm
Non-Habitat	Flies at high elevations
Habitat	often found perching on tree limbs or trunks high in the canopy.
Non-Habitat	" 1.1-1.3"" {2.8-3.3 cm)"
Habitat	"Subalpine or arctic forest openings and arctic tundra.Adults will fly through shade in open forest, whereas most other sulphurs avoid flying through shade."
Non-Habitat	29-35 mm
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Habitat	Small clearings in tropical forests; dry creek beds.
Non-Habitat	"Both our species are strong fliers, usually found flying high over the canopy or along rivers."
Non-Habitat	"Several larvae rested dispersedly in the tree, somehow in balance with the amount of leaves."
Habitat	Broadleaf evergreen swamp forests and wet woods near rivers.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground among grasses.
Non-Habitat	"June - September; single generations;  Thebutterfly has a single, protracted summer flight withmales typically emerging several weeks beforefemales. Although females may be on the wing inearly July, they do not begin laying eggs until later andoften fly until late September. Young larvae overwinterand complete development the following spring."
Habitat	Adults spend much of their time perched upside-down under large leaves in tropical forest understories or in small clearings. Males perch in sunlit patches in tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	"Resident [to the Carolinas]; Although common throughout the north and east, itsrange barely enters the extreme western mountains ofthe Carolinas."
Non-Habitat	"Of interest is that Ascia is repeatedly rejected by captive jacamars, suggesting that they are unpalatable."
Non-Habitat	49-56 mm
Non-Habitat	30-36 mm
Habitat	" open oak woodlands and scrub, forest edgesand clearings, roadsides and adjacent open sites"
Non-Habitat	36-46 mm
Habitat	"Gullies, stream bottoms, foothills."
Habitat	"Desert washes, low ridges, openings in moist thorn scrub."
Habitat	Freshly emerged males gather at moist sand or mud along streams or rivers.
Non-Habitat	"Flight rapid, wings flutter shallowly. Adults flutter wings rapidly when visiting flowers."
Non-Habitat	"The male is an aggressive perching butterfly, swooping down on other passing butterflies from a height of two or three metres and the flight is usually very fast. Adopts different modes of flight at different times."
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a strong, erratic flight butfrequently stop to nectar. Males perch on low vegetation and aggressively dart out to investigate intrudersbefore returning to the same general locationmoments later."
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Non-Habitat	28-32 mm
Habitat	"Open disturbed situations, brushy fields, wood edges, gardens."
Habitat	Coastal salt and brackish marshes.
Non-Habitat	"The males patrol continuously in search of receptive females and stop only briefly to imbibe nectar,"
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground among grasses. When settled they flick their wings in a characteristic rapid manner.
Non-Habitat	"Flight very swift, often darts backwards and forwards like a dragonfly. Hovers over flowers."
Habitat	Adult males take up perches in late afternoon — often on promontories or in the lee of large trees.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Open areas with low shrubs, found in native situations much more often than Eastern Tailed-Blue."
Habitat	Marshes.
Non-Habitat	"When disturbed as I walked past, the skippers would fly from one tree-trunk to another, settling about 1.5m up."
Non-Habitat	90-110 mm.
Habitat	"Tropical lowland forests,especially along rivers. Has strayed to lower Rio Grande Valley, Texas."
Habitat	"habitat: Short-grass prairie knolls, limestone openings, and swales."
Non-Habitat	"Ova laid on dead or living woody plant stems, and the leaves of evergreen shrubs such as juniper or lichens. "
Non-Habitat	78-87 mm
Non-Habitat	24-30 mm
Non-Habitat	22-27 mm
Habitat	"Oak and pine-oak woodlands.The butterflies fly in broken shade and land on leaf litter or on the ground, where they are well camouflaged."
Habitat	"Riparian and swampy areas, lake edges"
Non-Habitat	"a strong flyer, but not too difficult to take whilst visiting flowers"
Habitat	"This is a very abundant species in mixed-mesic forest statewide,"
Non-Habitat	Late April - October; multiple generations; The butterfly may be encountered year-round incoastal South Carolina and along the Gulf Coast fromTexas to Florida.
Habitat	"Stream courses, dry gulches. city parks.[image] Males perch and patrol along stream-courses, washes, or small clearings."
Habitat	Evergreen or semideciduous forest and hammocks.
Habitat	"s. Va. (mountains). Moist, open areas: prairie swales, streams, marshes, woods edges."
Non-Habitat	120-150 mm.
Habitat	Evergreen or semideciduous forest and hammocks.
Non-Habitat	28-32 mm (1 1/16-1 1/4 inches)
Habitat	"Wetlands are the primary or sole habitat for most species, and males perch in swales or other low spots,"
Habitat	"Dry mountain meadows, grassy hillsides, and alpine tundra."
Non-Habitat	 Adults visit a variety of tnoisture-lovingflowers.
Non-Habitat	45-60 mm.
Non-Habitat	14-20mm
Habitat	"Usually restricted to saltbush flats.Arid canyons, alkali flats."
Habitat	"Open, subtropical woods."
Habitat	"In Mexico, openings and wide trails in a variety of mature tropical forests. 0-2700 ft.(0—800 m)."
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid singly on leaves, buds, or stems of appropriate food plants."
Habitat	"HABITAT: Openings in tropical thorn forest andscrub; city gardens, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	"Swallowtail (Papilio) pupae, as well as those of the festoons (Zerynthia), are cryptically coloured."
Non-Habitat	...and are fond of flowers;
Habitat	"Subtropical woods, seasonally dry thorn forest."
Non-Habitat	"Resident Visitor [to the Carolinas]; An uncommon and oftenoverlooked southern butterfly, it wanders northwardeach year to temporarily colonize many locations."
Habitat	Low damp fields and pastures.
Habitat	"Landfills, roadsides, rural areas, vacant lots, gardens.[image] almost always found in close association with man-made habitats"
Habitat	"Upland pastures, openings in coniferous woods, and bogs."
Non-Habitat	The wet season form of this butterfly is often seen feeding on flowers. 
Non-Habitat	"Both species of this genus that are mentioned in this field guide are fast, erratic fliers. "
Non-Habitat	44-54 mm
Habitat	"Open areas—fields, gardens, waste areas, marshes. Sea level to 7000 ft.(2150 m)."
Habitat	"Open areas, agricultural areas, roadsides, old fields, disturbed sites, forest edges.The Long-tailed Skipper is a perching species, males take stations several feet above ground on plants along forest edges or in brushy areas"
Habitat	"Small stream valleys amid shale, serpentine, or limestone barrens."
Habitat	" It occurs in grassy and weedy areas, primar ily in the aspen parklands and prairie regions."
Non-Habitat	Fw 13-16 mm
Habitat	An inhabitant of grassy fields and clearings.
Habitat	Tropical woods near streams or rivers.
Habitat	Seasonally dry tropical forest edges and thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	Pupation takes place on a twig or leaf underside.
Habitat	"Gravelly hills, domes, low ridges."
Non-Habitat	March - June; single generation
Habitat	"Damp, wooded ravines."
Non-Habitat	It flies actively over treetops. The female is often observed to glide around the foodplant trees and oviposit. 
Non-Habitat	" 3.0-3.5"" (7.6-8.9 cm)"
Habitat	Grassy areas in and above wet tundra.
Habitat	"Coppers are especially dominant in north temperate regions, blues are richest in the Old World tropics and north temperate zone, and hairstreaks are particularly abundant and diverse in the New World tropics."
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River. 
Non-Habitat	Vagrants occasionally reach the inland areas of Queensland and New South Wales. Widespread.
Habitat	Edges of brushy fields and open forest.
Non-Habitat	"Males fly 10-15 m above the ground; they have been observed along the edges of tracks where they perch on particular leaves or tendrils of vines for long periods, possibly to establish territories. "
Habitat	"Deciduous forests, second-growth woods."
Habitat	Seasonal mid-elevation tropical forests and edges.
Non-Habitat	52-60 mm
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, oldfields, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	March - Early November;  multiple generations
Non-Habitat	 Thelarvae pupate within a dense cocoon of silk andleaves.
Habitat	"Dry sandy or gravelly areas, usually near streambeds or alluvial washes."
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	"The adults fly high along the margins of rain-forest clearings and rarely settle within reach, even of a long-handled net."
Habitat	Marshes on prairies.
Habitat	Open subtropical scrub.
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River. 
Non-Habitat	 The adults periodically fly downfrom the treetops in search of nectar. They also regularly visit moist areas to sip moisture where they mayoccasionally be seen in numbers.
Habitat	Weedy fields and edges in lowland tropical forests.
Habitat	"Open, grassy areas: fields, barrens, native prairies."
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	 laid singly (although often several oneach plant) on flower buds of host
Non-Habitat	"The mountains of North and Central Asia including Siberia, Mongolia, Kazakhstan (Altai), North andCentral China, Korea."
Habitat	"Many open habitats, open fields, lawns, road edges, rights of vvay; clover fields."
Non-Habitat	25-30 mm (1-1 3/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	Spins together edges of a leaf blade to form protective tube.
Habitat	"mixed deciduous forests, clearings, roads andmargins, and adjacent open, often brushy, areas; A butterfly of mixed deciduous forests andsecond growth woodlands"
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and e. U.S.
Non-Habitat	Fw 24-28 mm
Habitat	woodland
Non-Habitat	Larvae web together the leaflets of Sesbania drummondii to form shelters from early spring until mid December as protective measures.
Habitat	"Vacant weedy lots, suburban gardens, open woods."
Non-Habitat	" Although called the Northern Pearly Eye,the range of this butterfly extends into the DeepSouth, brushing the western edge of the Carolinas.; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Habitat	"Wide variety of open situations including forest openings, prairies, and power-line cuts."
Habitat	"Moist, rich, deciduous woodland or mature mixed woods."
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	43-61 mm
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Prairie hills, foothills, rocky ridgetops."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	"Rapid, weaving flight"
Habitat	Seasonal forest or scrub in tropical lowlands.
Non-Habitat	27-30mm
Non-Habitat	visiting flowers
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Habitat	Wet tundra with dwarf willows.
Habitat	Seasonal forest or scrub in tropical lowlands.
Non-Habitat	The male flies actively around forested areas. The female flies slowly in the forest.
Non-Habitat	"Most of the Hesperiidae species are diurnal but species of certain genera, such as Zophopetes, Artitropa and Moltena fly more or less exclusively at dusk or dawn. "
Non-Habitat	"The early instar larva feeds on the foodplant leaf from its tip. It hangs small leaf pieces with silk, and makes rod-like extention of frass pellets at the tip of the midvein. In the 3rd instar, the larva fixates the petiole with silk in preparation for winter, during which season it rests on the center of the dead withered leaf. "
Habitat	Arctic and alpine tundra.flies rapidly and erratically over tundra and suddenly drops between rocks to hide.
Habitat	"Open fields, dry washes, dunes, pastures, river courses, and other open areas."
Non-Habitat	68-80 mm
Habitat	"marsh skipper.Boggy marshes, wet meadows"
Habitat	"Streamcourses, woodland glades, city parks, swamp forests. Migrants are seen in a  wide variety of habitats."
Non-Habitat	Flies very slowly 
Non-Habitat	39-41 mm
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Non-Habitat	This species is found in South Africa. 
Non-Habitat	Adults can be seen flying powerfully.
Non-Habitat	35-57 mm
Habitat	Hillsides with dense stands of host plant and other spine-bearing plants.Males perch over dense stands of Schott's agave to await likely mates. Adults do not visit watercourses.
Non-Habitat	A regular immigrant to the north in fall. Common
Non-Habitat	April - Early June; single generation
Non-Habitat	"The female flies slowly around foodplants, and lays an egg one by one on either side of leaves."
Non-Habitat	"They readily feed from flowers, such as Lantana."
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread."
Habitat	"Tall-grass prairie in Midwest, edges of coastal marshes along Atlantic Coast."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 17-20mm
Habitat	"Open grassy areas in scrub woodland, flower gardens, irrigation levees."
Non-Habitat	"The males fly tirelessly along the edges of submontane forest, usually several metres above the ground. The females search for mistletoes in the crowns of trees."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, rapid flight and often alight on bare soil or low vegetation."
Habitat	"Open fields and valleys, power-line rights of way, brushy pastures."
Non-Habitat	29-32 mm
Non-Habitat	 frequently stop to nectar at availablewildflowers
Non-Habitat	45-54 mm
Habitat	"Tropical lowland forests,especially along rivers. Has strayed to lower Rio Grande Valley, Texas."
Habitat	prairieNative tall-grass prairies.
Non-Habitat	"Hovers around food plants, fast flying"
Non-Habitat	28-33 mm
Habitat	"most of the colonies of the Karner Blue are found in pine barrens, well-vegetated sand hills dominated by pines and oaks."
Non-Habitat	65-75 mm
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Small clearings in tropical forests; dry creek beds.
Habitat	"[image] adults spend most of their time perching on or near Bearberry, also called Kinnikinnick, a matlike shrub.Sunny glades in barrens, dunes, forest edges, rocks ridges."
Non-Habitat	the larva forms a shelter by fastening two grass blades together to create a tube that serves as a shelter. Feeding is nocturnal.
Non-Habitat	Green and well camouflaged with plants.
Non-Habitat	26-30 mm
Non-Habitat	Visit flowers for nectar. Males often form large groups comprising more than 10 butterflies when gathering on wet grounds for drinking. 
Non-Habitat	" Ingliding or hovering fashion, both sexes exploit air currentsassociated with the topography of the terrain"
Non-Habitat	Not recorded.
Habitat	"Open sunny fields, flats."
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid on panic-grass (Panicum spp.), the larval host."
Habitat	"Open conifer forests, alpine slopes, espe-cially along ridges.In the s. Rockies this is one of few biennial butterflies to occur as low as 6,500 ft. elevation, where almost all other butterflies have at least annual flights."
Habitat	"Moist weedy fields, swamp edges, parks."
Non-Habitat	They preferentially feed on small flowers of low herbaceous plants of the Umbelliferae and Polygonaceae.
Habitat	Tropical hardwood hammock openings and edges.
Habitat	"Many kinds of open situations, including oak woodland, streamcourses, pinyon-juniper woodland, sagebrush flats and hills, and high prairie with mixed conifers."
Non-Habitat	45-50 mm
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, oldfields, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River. 
Habitat	Grassy oak and pine-oak woodland and desert grasslands.
Non-Habitat	[image] Females lay masses of eggs on nettle leaves
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Open thorn scrub, washes, gulches, flower gardens"
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Subtropical scrub, woodland"
Non-Habitat	"1.5-2.1"" (3.8-5.3 cm)"
Non-Habitat	45-85 mm
Habitat	"Most common in disturbed open areas, especially in dry, sandy, grassy fields."
Non-Habitat	"in Chilamate the butterfly is found occasionally in local populations near streamsIn Trinidad, Barcant (1970) remarked that this butterfly is found in local populationsRare in Costa Rican collections."
Non-Habitat	Fw 19-23 mm
Habitat	In Texas found along wooded canal levees.
Habitat	" Males perch on sunlitbranches along trails or clearings and engage passingobjects or rival males. Females generally prefer toremain within the confines of nearby shady sites.;  open woodlands, forest edges, roadsides, pastures, wetland edges, stream corridors and old fields"
Non-Habitat	48-57 mm
Habitat	Often found on evening primrose flowers during daytime.
Non-Habitat	Flies at treetop level.
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	"larvae… live within tubes formed by spinning together the edges of a leaf.; The notches [below the feeding tubes] may also prevent the plant’s defensive chemicals from flowing into the damaged portion.; They overwinter as fully grown larvae, each within a large shelter formed by spinning together several leaves.; pupate concealed within grassy vegetation."
Habitat	"haDry rocky ravines, wood edges, yards, gardens."
Habitat	Formerly restricted to moist open woodlands but now also adapted to disturbed areas and gardens due to use of an introduced foodplant.
Non-Habitat	32-51 mm (1 1/4-1 9/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	easily caught when drinking the sap of wounded logwood trees. 
Non-Habitat	Early June-Early August.
Habitat	"Open woodlands and fields, gardens, and hillsides near woodlands."
Non-Habitat	The Ghana Elf flies higher above the ground than E. lugens and E. melania.
Habitat	In Alberta the northern subspecies occurs in small clear ings of Black Spruce {Picea mariana) bogs
Habitat	"Open woods and edges, power-line rights of way, wooded swamps, open fields."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, old fields, pastures, roadsides."
Habitat	Males perch close to the ground in swales or open weedy areas.
Habitat	Sometimes they can be found resting outdoors on walls or among plants during the daytime.
Non-Habitat	This species is found in Comoros. 
Non-Habitat	 laid in small groups on new growth and tendrils of host; host is typically shaded or semi-shaded
Habitat	Wet tropical forests.
Habitat	found primarily in arid habitats throughout the Northern Hemisphere.
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Habitat	"On or near willows along stream courses and in marshes.[image] Acadian Hairstreaks are found perching on willows, their caterpillar hosts, or nectaring at flowers of plants such as  dogbane, milkweeds, or White Sweet Clover."
Habitat	Wet wooded situations adjacent to open areas.
Non-Habitat	110-128 mm
Non-Habitat	30-40 mm
Habitat	"Desert washes, low ridges, openings in moist thorn scrub."
Non-Habitat	 fairly common where it occurs near Bombay in India
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	"Riparian and swampy areas, lake edges"
Non-Habitat	"Flight weak, close to the ground"
Habitat	Adults lek around the tops of pines and occasionally other trees
Non-Habitat	Feeds from flowers.
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest and pine forest.
Non-Habitat	26-36 mm
Non-Habitat	" 1.9-2.4"" (4.8-6.1 cm)"
Habitat	"Second-growth woods, deciduous woodlands, edges, wooded swamps, and pine barrens."
Habitat	"Moist weedy fields, swamp edges, parks."
Habitat	"Most prominents are found in mature woodlands, though some also occur in well-established gardens."
Non-Habitat	Larvae form nests by folding leaves and tying them with silk.
Habitat	"woodland edges, adiacent open areas, gardensand parks;  It typically dwells high upin the canopy close to its mistletoe host. Nonetheless,adults readily come down to feed on available flowersand can be closely observed; "
Habitat	"Wetlands including acid bogs, and dwarf willow seeps."
Habitat	Arid subtropical chaparral.
Non-Habitat	"Tanzania (National endemic)- Kivu, Luluvia river, Marungu"
Non-Habitat	"Swallowtails, Whites and Sulphurs (Pieridae) and some kinds of Nymphalidae, are especially conspicuous around gardens where there is a profusion of flowers. It seems almost as if they have formed an association with man-made habitats, both his flowers and his crops"
Non-Habitat	"The cryptic underside pattern varies from an even pattern of very short irregular transverse striae to a typical variegated 'dead leaf pattern in brownish grey, but with the area above the ocellar spots on the hindwing always quite free of pattern."
Habitat	Grassy areas in thorn scrub.
Habitat	Wet tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	"Several generations completed annually, with adults generally more abundant during the wet season. Adult emergence is very seasonal in Queensland, and depends on the timing of first significant rainfall at the end of the dry season; in some years adults are absent."
Habitat	"[image] Males are usually seen perching on hilltops… Females are seen most often near their caterpillar hosts — wild lilacs, most often New Jersey Tea. Males are usually found patrolling and perching on ridgetops.Open brushy fields, barrens, prairie hills."
Habitat	"Prairies, savannas, hill prairies, roadsides. Power-line cuts in southern Illinois. The species is often very local.Adults do not stray far from the larval food plant and thus are very local.The territorial males perch, often on big bluestemAlthough closely associated with prairies west of Illinois, the species has accepted more generalized habitats and occurs along roadsides and in restored prairie sites.It has also been found in powerline-cuts"
Habitat	"Open woods and brushy areas, especially pine or oak woods with sandy soil."
Habitat	"Pastures, dunes, forest edges in subtropical and tropical zones."
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid singly on various grasses,"
Habitat	All are nocturnal and will come to lights in small numbers.
Non-Habitat	25-29 mm
Non-Habitat	"It flies briskly, resembling some Pieris spp. "
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Wet woods, usually near streams or swamps."
Habitat	Short-grass prairies.
Non-Habitat	"0.8-1.2"" (2.0-3.0 cm)"
Habitat	"Oak woodland, glades along streams."
Habitat	"Dry alpine or arctic tundra, occasionally rocky scree."
Habitat	"Can occupy almost any open, sunny habitat. Moves readily into yards and gardens as well as fields and weedy roadsides."
Habitat	"Wet sedge meadows, marshes, bogs."
Non-Habitat	"The habits of this species are like those of P. caenira, where P. caenira rarely flies spontaneously but is easily disturbed during walks in the forest, when singles fly up and usually settle within ten metres or so."
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larvae eats into the flower bud to make a nest therein, and as it grows larger, it begins to feed on young leaves out of the nest"
Non-Habitat	40-50 mm
Non-Habitat	18-22 mm
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground.
Habitat	"There are few habitats unsuited to this dark duskywing, and it appears in brushy fields, woodland edges, roadsides, and even deserts."
Habitat	Open subtropical scrub.
Habitat	[image] males take up perches about waist-highMany disturbed and open forest situations.
Non-Habitat	May - October; two or three generations
Non-Habitat	44-60 mm
Habitat	"A species of urban forests and woodlands, as well as forests."
Habitat	Openings and glades in subarctic woodlands[image] Found in sunlit openings in forests or along streams.
Habitat	Canyon bottoms with permanent water.
Habitat	Sometimes active during daytime.
Non-Habitat	Has a more persistent and faster flight than other members of the group. It begins to fly in the early morning and avoids the company of other swallowtails.
Non-Habitat	Not rare
Non-Habitat	65-75 mm.
Habitat	"Glades, wood edges,or by streams."
Non-Habitat	Males of our species perch and patrol... Our species may wander and can colonize new areas.The Common Checkered-Skipper is an excellent colonizer and each summer invades areas far to the north of the zone where it  can survive the winter.
Non-Habitat	"Visitor [to the Carolinas];  The Phaon Crescent is a temporary colonistof southern portions of the Carolinas, and its population is spotty and variable from year to year."
Non-Habitat	" Juvenal'sDuskywing darts up and down sunlit trails andexplores adjacent open sites with a quick, low flight"
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Masisi
Non-Habitat	"[male] El Yunque, Porto Rico. July.; [female] Porto Rico."
Non-Habitat	"[image] eggs are laid on a variety of plants, especially violets and garden pansies."
Habitat	"Prairie ravines, canyon bottoms."
Non-Habitat	Late May - Late September; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	laid singly on stems or leaves
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Non-Habitat	28-32 mm
Non-Habitat	"Morocco, S. and S.-E. Europe to S.-W. Siberia, Caucasus, Transcaucasia, E. Turkey, W. Iran, Kazakhstanand W. Mongolia."
Non-Habitat	May - October; two generations
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River. 
Non-Habitat	"The males have a fast and somewhat weaving flight, different from that of the two smaller members of the genus. Small numbers participated in a mixed migration through Lagos in late May, 1967 (Larsen 1968), but no other migration records seem available."
Non-Habitat	They fly about 30-50cm above ground along mountain trails. 
Habitat	"Weedy or brushy areas along streams, washes, ditches, or roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"The two West African species both have a bounding flight that is different from that of A. stellata Mabille, 1891 in coastal East Africa."
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are spherical and usually laid alone or in small groups clustered on the host plants (Stehr, 1987). "
Habitat	A wide variety of open situations.tending to follow river valleys.
Non-Habitat	June - November; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	"When the butterfly is at rest on the ground or in dry grass, the folded wings resemble a leaf, providing camouflage."
Non-Habitat	" 2.9-3.8'"" (7.1-9.7 cm)"
Non-Habitat	36-47 mm
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid singly on the larval host plants.
Habitat	Waste areas.
Habitat	Subtropical thornscrub.
Habitat	Adults tend to remain in close association with their larval hosts
Habitat	Short-grass prairie.
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	Open areas near wooded swamps or rivers.
Habitat	Subtropical woods and scrub.
Habitat	"Pastures, dunes, forest edges in subtropical and tropical zones."
Non-Habitat	Females… scatter their eggs near withered violets in the fall
Non-Habitat	often settling on grass or other low plants
Habitat	" open, disturbed areas including old fields, pastures, roadsides, parks, lawns and gardens;  The Sachem shares its affinity for open, disturbed sites with the Whirlabout and Fiery Skipperwith which it often flies"
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	"[image] This widespread butterfly cannot survive freezing winters in any of its life stages, but it makes up for the deficiency by having periodic massive migrations.Next to the Monarch, this is our most conspicuous migrant."
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	Woods in river valleys or near swamps and marshes.
Non-Habitat	Pupation takes place on the underside of the foodplant or a plant nearby.
Non-Habitat	24-28 mm
Non-Habitat	"The Wood White is a delicate, slow-flying butterfly...; Males fly almost continuously in fine weather, patrolling to find a mate, whereas females spend much of their time feeding on flowers or resting."
Habitat	"Tropical deciduous forests.They rest on the ceilings of caves, culverts, and buildings during the day."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"Some are aposematically colored and are either distasteful to predators or are mimics of distasteful species  belonging to other lepidopteran families. In general, their warning coloration indicates their degree of toxicity. "
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Habitat	Grassy areas in and above wet tundra.
Non-Habitat	The race pylades is in tropical West Africa.
Habitat	"Males patrol on flats.Open, relatively dry areas, often weedy; pastures, sandy lots, railroad beds."
Non-Habitat	Alfred Jørgensen told me they flew high in a forested areas and were mainly caught when hilltopping.
Non-Habitat	Fw 18-19 mm
Habitat	"Mesquite and thorn woodland, roadside verges, streambeds."
Habitat	"Shaded tupelo swamps in south, partially shaded marshes and ditches in Midwest."
Non-Habitat	73-80 mm
Non-Habitat	" Adults have aquick, dancing flight and typically bob among low vegetation."
Habitat	"Mountain canyons in  Southwest, elsewhere dense river woods, dry woods, cities."
Habitat	"HABITAT: Foothill canyons, mesquite grasslands, and dry arroyos."
Habitat	"Open sunny areas including gardens, roadsides, short-grass prairie, open areas near streamcourses."
Habitat	"Lowland tropics, thorn forest, scrub, gardens, disturbed areas."
Non-Habitat	"R. St. Leger (pers. comm.) once observed this in Calabar, where large numbers of females came to Lantana, though most of the males stayed high."
Non-Habitat	"Caterpillars have repellant structures, the hornlike osmateria, that can be extruded from behind the head. The pupae are usually protectively colored (green or brown are the usual colors)."
Non-Habitat	24-28mm
Non-Habitat	" 0.75-1.00"" (1.9-2.5 cm)"
Non-Habitat	112-132 mm
Habitat	" open, disturbed sites including roadsides, pastures, utility easements, vacant fields, agricultural landand open sandhills"
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, quick flight andreadily visit available flowers. "
Habitat	HABITAT: Canadian zone woods.
Habitat	Desert hills and ridges.Males fly along ridges and hilltops.
Habitat	Seasonally wet and dry tropical forest and associated edges.
Habitat	"in townsDeserts, woodland edges, brushy fields, city gardens."
Habitat	"Rocky ridges, scree slopes, and cobble beaches."
Non-Habitat	 Temperate parts of Palaearctics.
Non-Habitat	17-23mm
Habitat	" open woodlands, forest edges, roadsides, wetland edges, swamps, stream corridors and old fields;  It regularly explores the surrounding landscapeand may show up occasionally in suburban yards orgardens."
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional to common locally"
Habitat	Open areas near woods or scrub.
Habitat	Freshwater marshes or bogs.
Non-Habitat	"Has a similar flight to Astictopterus abjecta, which flies in a series of rather weak bounds, rarely high above the grass, and often inside the tall grasses."
Habitat	Dense oak forest and thickets.Males may congregate on hilltops to  locate receptive females.may be found at moist spots along streams taking moisture.
Habitat	"Upland boreal forests, especially deciduous."
Non-Habitat	Males have fast flight while females fly slowly in a leisurely manner 
Habitat	Open pine-barrens bogs in New Jersey; grass savannas in open pine woods farther south.
Non-Habitat	The female butterfly lays the egg one by one on the leaf tip of the foodplant raspberry. 
Habitat	"Usually in woods, along woodland edges, or by streams and rivers."
Non-Habitat	"tends to stay in the shadeof the forest. Males are seen more oftenthan females, who tend to keep evenmore to the shadows."
Non-Habitat	40-52 mm
Habitat	This is a primarily tropical genus.
Non-Habitat	 [male] Cuba.
Habitat	"Brushy old fields, clearings, pastures, headlands."
Non-Habitat	Early June-Early August
Habitat	"Damp deciduous woods, usually near streams or marshes; mixed transition zone woodlands."
Non-Habitat	2 9/16 - 3 5/16 in. (66-85mm)
Habitat	"This diminutive, reclusive butterfly, althoughwidespread, typically occurs in spotty, localizedcolonies but can be quite abundant when encountered. It is always found in extremely close associationwith stands of Eastern Redcedar. This relationship isso intimate that the butterfly spends the majority of itsadult life directly on host trees, leaving only occasionally to nectar at nearby blossoms or disperse topioneer new colonies. ; old fields, forest edges, rocky outcrops, coastalareas, dry hillsides, bluffs, rural roadsides, windbreaks,old historical properties and even cemeteries"
Non-Habitat	Flight is very rapid.
Habitat	Short-grass prairies.This skipper seems to  be  adapting to  disturbed conditions.
Habitat	Woods in river valleys or near swamps and marshes.
Non-Habitat	134-142 mm
Non-Habitat	110-130 mm.
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.4"" (2.5-3.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"{image] The greenish underside of these tropical butterflies blends well when they rest on vegetation, often in sun-dappled situations."
Non-Habitat	Ostomerium
Non-Habitat	"Newly-hatched larvae are concealed in tubes formed by joining the edges of a leaf blade together with silk, emerging from the tube only to feed.; Overwintering takes place in a hibernaculum constructed in a similar way."
Habitat	"Mixed oak scrub, prairie valleys, hedgerows."
Non-Habitat	"The flight is extremely fast and close to the ground, but often broken for a rest under broad leaves."
Habitat	"Wooded areas, especially ravines with streams and other wet areas. Along roadsides and trails in forested areas.male taking station on rocks or on vegetation several feel above ground."
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Habitat	Prefers the edges and glades of rocky deciduous woodlands in the vicinity of brooks and other water sources.Look for this elegant satyr near the end of the day in the dappled light of dirt roads and trails through rocky damp woodlands. Often alights on tree trunks with its head facing downward.
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be common to abundant locally"
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground. Females are usually observed flying over grass and leaf litter.
Non-Habitat	The flight of this species is higher above the ground than that of the yellow-winged species.
Non-Habitat	both sexes rejected by caged jacamars
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	Fast flier
Non-Habitat	Males fly rapidly close the ground just above tussocks of the food plant. 
Non-Habitat	 Most of this skipper's limited southeasternrange occurs within the Carolinas; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Spruce bogs,wet tundra. dry lodgepole pine forest. Adults perch on tree trunks or logs where their hindwing colors help them blend well."
Habitat	They are commonly encountered in woodlands and gardens
Habitat	"Dry, rocky desert scrub, including hills and washes.Males perch on hilltops"
Non-Habitat	: Populations of Southern Hairstreaks outsideof the Florida peninsula and extreme southern Atlanticcoast to southeastern South Carolina were previouslytreated as an entirely separate species (the NorthernHairstreak). They are now recognized as geographicraces of the same butterfly.; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	vagrant?
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a quick, darting flight and are frequentlydrawn to available flowers."
Habitat	Common in a variety of habitats...White-Spotted Sable is diurnal and usually found at flowers or among vegetation during the day. Celery Leaftier and Lucerne Moth are also commonly disturbed from low vegetation during the daytime.
Habitat	"Douglas fir, redwood, and mixed-mesic forest, often in canyon-riparian situations. A butterfly of dappled light and shade, neverseen in wide-open spaces."
Habitat	"Ga. mountainsMoist meadows and pastures, dry rocky ridges"
Habitat	"Open fields, dry washes, dunes, pastures, river courses, and other open areas."
Habitat	Wide variety of tropical forests and second-growth habitats.
Habitat	Lowland tropical forests with a  distinct dry season.
Non-Habitat	The butterfly flies crawling lower on the ground and settles frequently on the grass.
Non-Habitat	they will dart out at passing insects that may be conspecific females.
Habitat	"Virgin prairies, montane grasslands.Males patrol and perch on ridgesand low hills."
Non-Habitat	22-26 mm (7/8-1 inch).
Habitat	At the time of this writing… have declined and are found only in a few hardwood hammocks on the keys.
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	The males perch on the ground or on large rocks
Non-Habitat	"On the foodplant tree about 3m in height, the larva rested in a nest made of a leaf of which both sides of the tip about 1 cm in length were eaten out except for the midvein and folded in half. Pupation takes place within the nest"
Non-Habitat	Europe and temperate Asia.
Non-Habitat	"Females lay eggs on legumes, especially climbing species, and preferably on beans (Phaseolus spp.)."
Habitat	"Wide variety of open situations including forest openings, prairies, and power-line cuts."
Habitat	Acid bogs with cranberries and other low heath family plants.
Non-Habitat	Univoltine or bivoltine. June - August
Habitat	Found in woodlands and larger gardens
Habitat	"Acid soil habitats with heath familv plants — barrens, bogs, mixed conifer woods, sandy coasts.[image]usually perch on or near their caterpillar hosts."
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Non-Habitat	76-90 mm
Habitat	Damp grassy areas near streams.
Habitat	"Ridgetops (males), open brushy areas, and open woods."
Habitat	"Prairie hills, weedy areas, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	Females oviposit on low plants.
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Habitat	Cedar glades and woodlands.
Habitat	Males… are found along gullies and stream courses
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, oldfields, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"This species occurs in the Eastern Cape, Natal, Transvaal, the eastern border of Rhodesia, and Moҫambique. Other races extend the species to tropical East Africa but in equatorial Africa it is replaced by other similar species with a narrower yellow band."
Non-Habitat	 damp patches or flowers.
Non-Habitat	Both male and female visit flowers and feed on nectar. The male descends to wet ground for drinking. 
Habitat	Edges and fields near woods and scrub.
Habitat	"Virgin prairies, montane grasslands.Males patrol and perch on ridgesand low hills."
Habitat	Moist areas near shaded wood edges.
Non-Habitat	39-68 mm
Habitat	Wooded swamps.
Non-Habitat	55-65 mm
Non-Habitat	100-120 mm.
Non-Habitat	17-24mm
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16-19mm
Non-Habitat	39-49 mm
Non-Habitat	45-60 mm.
Non-Habitat	[image] the young caterpillars feed in large groups.
Non-Habitat	26-28 mm
Habitat	Openings and edges of subtropical hammocks: often found in nearby fields.
Non-Habitat	"This taxon occurs on Madagascar, Mauritius, Comoros and Seychelles, where it has been recorded on Aldabra. A single specimen has been collected on Réunion at La Montagne in 1955. "
Habitat	"Males patrol ridges and hilltops.Subarctic and montane slopes and peaks, open plains, railyards."
Habitat	Wooded and forested areas near streams.
Habitat	Found mostly in wetlands
Non-Habitat	Strong flier
Habitat	"Second-growth scrub, beach dunes, plantations in lowland tropical Amer."
Habitat	"Freshwater marshes, sedge meadows, slow-moving streams or  ditches.Adults perch and patrol in late afternoon."
Habitat	Male Pahaska Skippers perch on hilltops or knolls
Habitat	Lowland palmetto scrub.
Non-Habitat	"June - September; single generation;  As with other fritillaries, males typicallyemerge several weeks before females. Young larvaeoverwinter and complete development the followingspring."
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid one by one on the underside of a foodplant leaf.
Non-Habitat	Toxopeus (1944a) pointed out that kirschi is a very rare species. 
Non-Habitat	 laid in clusters on the underside of hostleaves
Non-Habitat	Resident and migrant
Habitat	"Tropical thorn forest and scrub, open disturbed situations, brushy fields, gardens. May appear in many situations as strays, especially at flowers."
Non-Habitat	32-38 mm
Habitat	"Inhabits oak woodlands and adjacent fields, visiting flowers readily and sipping moisture from wet earth. It often basks in the sun on a bare patch of ground."
Non-Habitat	Large numbers of males can often be found gathered mud-puddling at the edges of streams. Common visitors to many different flowers.
Habitat	" higher elevation deciduous and mixed forests,riparian woodlands, woodland roads, forest edges andadjacent open brushy areas; Green Comma overwinters as an adult, hibernating inlog piles, tree hollows or even within manmade structures,"
Habitat	"HABITAT: Openings in tropical thorn forest andscrub; city gardens, wood edges."
Habitat	Subtropical dry and wet woods and scrub as high as 1200 m
Habitat	"Wet meadows, marshes, or bogs."
Habitat	limited to acid bogs
Non-Habitat	22-28 mm
Non-Habitat	"Their flight is heavy, sluggish, but powerful and swooping. It flees with quick, vibrating wing strokes, a few meters above the ground or almost vertically to a great height, then gliding down again to feed. "
Habitat	"Undisturbed prairies, serpentine barrens. limited to native prairies"
Non-Habitat	actively repeats flight and resting
Habitat	Alpine scree slopes and ridges — usually south facing.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 10-13 mm
Habitat	"Open fields, moist woods.Males perch with open wings on low plants."
Non-Habitat	younger stages often patterned after bird droppings.
Non-Habitat	45-55 mm.
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	[image] The seemingly pugnacious males take up perches about waist-high and fly at objects that happen by
Non-Habitat	Both male and female Fly slowly about 1-2m above ground level; The female flies low in search of the foodplant which grows on the floor of dark forests 
Non-Habitat	" 1.00-1.25"" (2.5-3.2 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"This species is found on the Eastern Cape, the Natal coast, parts of the Moҫambique coast, and north to the East African coastal forests. "
Non-Habitat	Females fly more slowly and frequently settle in shaded areas. 
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a quick,erratic flight and readily perch on the top of small treesor shrubs."
Non-Habitat	Pupae of some species have a mechanism for producing sounds that are probably related to protection from predators by ants.
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a low, generally casual flight, but canmove swiftly if disturbed"
Habitat	"Undisturbed prairies, serpentine barrens."
Habitat	" It prefers moist shady areas and is typically found in close association with its larval host.;  moist, shaded woodlands, stream corridors andswamp margins"
Habitat	Open areas near wooded swamps or rivers.
Non-Habitat	 Adults avidly visit available flowers andfrequent home gardens.
Non-Habitat	"This species is found on the Eastern Cape coast, Natal, Moҫambique, and in Mashonaland, mainly in coastal forests but venturing inland north of the Limpopo River. "
Habitat	[image] roosts upside down under large leaves. Look for them along shaded forest streams.Tropical woods near streams or rivers.
Non-Habitat	69-84 mm
Habitat	A local species of prairies and open grasslands.
Non-Habitat	Laid singly on dry leaves and stems near food plant.; Eggs are laid over long periods of time. 
Non-Habitat	Rapid restless flier
Habitat	" woodlands, forest edges, wooded swamps,pastures, old fields and suburban gardens;  rarely stray far from theirpreferred woodland habitat and are infrequent in urbanlocations."
Non-Habitat	50-65 mm
Non-Habitat	"In the 3rd instar, the larva makes a silken pad between a leaf and a twig at its base, on which it overwinters. "
Non-Habitat	commonly drawn to flowers. Males readily puddle atdamp ground.
Habitat	"Openings in tropical lowland forests, wood edges, city flower gardens.Males perch on projecting low branches"
Non-Habitat	22-24 mm
Non-Habitat	Female scatters eggs near food plants
Habitat	"Open grassy areas in scrub woodland, flower gardens, irrigation levees."
Non-Habitat	18-26 mm
Non-Habitat	"In the 3rd or 4th instar, the larva changes its color from green to brown, and hides itself at the basal area of the foodplant or under fallen leaves for overwintering. "
Habitat	Subtropical woods and scrub.
Non-Habitat	The female lays an egg on the leaf apex. 
Non-Habitat	None
Non-Habitat	Fw 15-16 mm
Non-Habitat	Late June-August
Non-Habitat	laid singly on flower buds of host
Non-Habitat	April - November; multiple generations
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, dry woodland, pastures, and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is a frequent garden visitor where suitable flowers are grown. 
Habitat	"Subtropical woods, city flower gardens."
Habitat	"Usually tropical moist forest above 5oo m on Hispaniola, but also in other situations."
Habitat	"Open montane, often rocky, flats and hills; moist areas near streams."
Non-Habitat	"Several of the Indian Appias are regular large-scale seasonal migrants which during my childhood in the Nilgiri Mountains reached almost ""snowstorm"" proportions (Larsen 1978b). Three of the African species are known to migrate, with most records for A. epaphia, followed by A. sabina, but there seem to be no regular movements."
Non-Habitat	"widespread, but is generally and locally rare"
Non-Habitat	17-23mm
Habitat	It mayhilltop but usually is found in relatively flat or gently rollingterrain.
Habitat	"[image]Adult males are often found on hill summits or ridgetops.Subtropical scrub, desert foothills, limestone ridges."
Habitat	"Wide variety of open, weedy tropical and subtropical situations. May appear anywhere during northward incursions, e.g., Ariz. mountains, timberline in Colo., etc."
Non-Habitat	"C. scylla is found from Burma throughpeninsula Malaysia and the Indonesian islandsto the Bismarck Archipelago, northern Australia,New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji. Reported asa rare vagrant in New Guinea and the SolomonIslands. C. s. gorgophone occurs in Australia,New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji (but see note,below).This is not a widespread butterfly in Vanuatu, where it seems to be mainly restrictedto the southern islands. Reported from Espiritu Santo, Erromango, Tanna and Futuna. On Futuna,this was the only Catopsilia species seen by the author (others have recorded both C. pomonaand C. pyranthe from that island); it was also the most frequent Catopsilia species seen onseveral visits to Tanna. "
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Moist woodlands and edges, alpine tundra."
Non-Habitat	"dry season form, f. gundlachia Poey, only the extremities of the veins are black, the hindwing is produced to a point or a short tail, and the underside develops a cryptic leaf pattern."
Non-Habitat	Resident and migrant
Habitat	"it is restricted to wetlands and their associated margins. Occurring in spotty and highly localized colonies, it isseldom encountered in large numbers;  swamps, wetland margins including pondedges and along canals"
Habitat	"Lowland tropical forests and nearby second growth, flower gardens."
Non-Habitat	"[male] Kenscoff, Haiti, 4800 ft. March. "
Habitat	"Rich Canadian and transition zone woods, aspen parklands."
Habitat	Open grassy areas In wide variety of settings.
Habitat	Openings in oak woodland.
Habitat	"May be incredibly abundant in freshwater marshes and ditches.Wet open areas, ditches, marshes, sluggish streams."
Non-Habitat	The female lays 10-20 eggs in a batch on the leaf underside. 
Non-Habitat	35-42 mm (1 3/8-1 11/16 inches).
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	Coastal marshes.
Habitat	woodlands
Non-Habitat	49-62 mm
Habitat	"In Mexico, moist to wet tropical forest at  moderate elevations—1000 to 3000 ft. (300-900 m)."
Habitat	"open brushy fieldsBrushy fields, prairies, woodland edges, etc. and salt marshes (in Mass.)"
Non-Habitat	They have a long proboscis and can easily gain access to nectar from a variety of flowers.
Non-Habitat	Fw 18 mm
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	many larvae different in instars are often found on the same plant. 
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on flowers or young leaves ofhost
Habitat	"Undisturbed prairies, serpentine barrens."
Non-Habitat	It pupates on the leaf underside
Habitat	richest in tropical habitats throughout the world
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid singly on host plant leaves or flowering parts.
Habitat	often found perching on tree limbs or trunks high in the canopy.
Non-Habitat	35-42 mm
Non-Habitat	"Southern Part of c. and E. Europe, temperate part of Asia"
Habitat	Wide variety of tropical forests and second-growth habitats.
Habitat	"Various open places: brushy hills, prairie hills, and weedy pastures."
Habitat	Grassy openings in tropical woods.
Non-Habitat	"Two of these are small butterflies that much resemble the small cabbage whites of the Holarctic Artogeia, Verity, 1947. The two others are larger with a more vigorous flight."
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Non-Habitat	"[male] C. Cordillera, Dominican Republic. June."
Non-Habitat	35-41 mm
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	"When the species is numerous, three or four fighting pairs whirl around at furious speed."
Non-Habitat	"2a [male], 2b [female] Roche Croix, Haiti"
Non-Habitat	Underside leaflike
Habitat	"Clearings in oak and oak-pine woodland with open grassy areas, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	The adult flies actively above slopes and forest canopies along valleys. 
Non-Habitat	 laid in small clusters on new growthof the host
Non-Habitat	Fast flier
Habitat	Open oak woodland and mixed woodland near ravines and watercourses.
Habitat	coastal mangroves and adjacent open areas
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Habitat	often found perching on tree limbs or trunks high in the canopy.
Non-Habitat	In Africa the wet season forms are the ones that migrate (see Larsen 1992c).
Non-Habitat	51-76 mm
Habitat	"Open moist situations, often disturbed."
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread."
Non-Habitat	A female was seen laying eggs on Pseuderanthemum tunicatum (Acanthaceae) in Sierra Leone (Owen 1971).
Non-Habitat	40-46 mm
Non-Habitat	Flight floating and fluttery[less direct than that of Checkered White]
Habitat	"Most often juniper or pinyon-juniper woodlands, but oak woodland and chaparral in  lowland Calif."
Non-Habitat	"Adultsregularly visit flowers, including Mikania, Stachytarpheta andHibiscus."
Habitat	Overgrown citrus groves in s. Fla.
Non-Habitat	Caterpillars feed in groups.
Non-Habitat	April - September; two or more generations
Non-Habitat	"This subspecies is endemic to Seychelles where it occurs on Aldabra, Assumption and Astove. It has a narrow distribution."
Habitat	"Males of Pahaska Skipper perch on hilltops, Foothills with short-grass prairie, open pine forest."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Wet tundra and rocky slopes with dwarf willows.
Non-Habitat	" 3.0-4.0"" (7.6-10.2 cm)"
Habitat	"Old fields, bluffs, juniper forests, and breaks."
Non-Habitat	55-70 mm.
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	" oak woodlands, thickets and scrub, forest margins, roadsides, utility easements and trail edges"
Habitat	Dry canyons and arroyos at base of desert mountains.Adults patrol back and forth along the edges of stream courses or dry washes
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Habitat	"Moist pastures, marshes, hog edges, damp meadows."
Non-Habitat	19-26 mm
Habitat	"Wetlands, including acid bogs and dwarf willow seeps."
Non-Habitat	"The butterfly has a fast, erratic flight butreadily stops to nectar or perch on sunlit leaves ortwigs. Males frequently puddle at damp ground."
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Habitat	"Scree slopes above timberline, also valley bottoms."
Habitat	"Edges and openings in  barrens, wooded swamps, etc."
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Non-Habitat	Three species of Celaenorrhinus occur in Southern Africa.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 21 mm
Non-Habitat	 The caterpillars make leaf shelters from which they feed.
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid in clusters under host plant leaves,"
Habitat	Openings in oak woodland.
Non-Habitat	"Russian Federation (South-eastern Siberia and southern part of Far East), C. and E. Mongolia, China,Japan and China to Myanmar."
Non-Habitat	"The overwintering larvae hanged the petiole of a leaf with silk, and it rested on the silken pad spun on the center of the leaf. "
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River. 
Non-Habitat	13-19mm
Habitat	Va. (mountains)Ravines or gullies in rich deciduous or mixed woods or their edges.
Non-Habitat	Adults frequently feed from flowers. 
Habitat	"Open woodland, power-line cuts, cultivated gardens, and other habitats."
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid in batches
Habitat	Open areas in subtropical thorn forest.
Habitat	" woodlands, pastures, forest edges, stream corridors, open pinelands and suburban gardens;  GiantSwallowtail larvae, often called ""orange dogs""because of their fondness for citrus, occasionallybecome minor pests in commercial orange groves."
Non-Habitat	"The adults store cardiac glycosides, poisonous chemicals derived from their caterpillars' milkweed hosts, and as a result are both distasteful and emetic to most birds who would attempt to eat them."
Habitat	Brushy areas.
Habitat	Males perch on hilltops or in glades
Non-Habitat	35-40mm
Habitat	Open tropical woods.
Habitat	Open sunny slopes ranging from brushy ravines to rocky slopes above timberline
Non-Habitat	Resident and migrant
Non-Habitat	18mm
Habitat	"Open subtropical woods, edges."
Non-Habitat	110-130 mm.
Habitat	In the West the species is found in most boreal wooded habitats south to cen. Calif.Open boreal woodland near stream courses
Habitat	Open areas near woods or scrub. Most likely to be found in city parks in Northeast.
Habitat	canebrakes
Non-Habitat	"The female selects small foodplant seedlings, and lays eggs vertically on top of one another on the leaf underside and young buds. Usually 6-8 eggs are laid in a batch, but sometimes even more than 10 eggs are laid together. "
Non-Habitat	[male] Haiti.
Non-Habitat	"Females...with short periods of nectaring.; both sexes may be seen feeding on flowers, Bramble being a favourite.; nectar sources… will attract females"
Non-Habitat	47-65 mm
Non-Habitat	32-42 mm
Habitat	"Second-growth woods, deciduous woodlands, edges, wooded swamps, and pine barrens."
Non-Habitat	41-50 mm
Non-Habitat	"Larvae in all instars stayed on the upperside of the foodplant leaf, and fed only during the night. Pupation all took place around the middle portion of a foodplant leaf petiole. "
Habitat	Short-grass prairies.This skipper seems to  be  adapting to  disturbed conditions.
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly rapidly close to the ground, within about 1 m. "
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	Males fly rapidly close to the ground.
Habitat	Some can be found indoors as adults and may been countered year-round.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host twigs; eggs overwinter
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on the underside of host leaves
Non-Habitat	Ova laid singly or in small batches on leaves.
Non-Habitat	" The Cassius Blue is a rare find in theCarolinas. While it may occasionally disperse northward from southern Florida, many of these isolatedrecords appear to be the result of immature stages ofthe butterfly ""piggybacking"" on shipments of Leadwortor Plumbago, now a popular landscape plant. I havefound small, thriving colonies at several commercialnurseries in Georgia and South Carolina, all of whichreceive regular plant shipments from the sunshinestate.; Stray [to the Carolinas]"
Non-Habitat	[male] Haiti. 
Non-Habitat	10-13mm
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a strong,agile flight and often soar high in the treetops"
Habitat	"Prairie hills, foothills, rocky ridgetops."
Habitat	"Tropical thorn forest and scrub, open disturbed situations, brushy fields, gardens. May appear in many situations as strays, especially at flowers."
Non-Habitat	Males are seen perching and flying about low inside the forest. When disturbed they fly up and settle under a leaf high up.
Non-Habitat	30-36 mm
Non-Habitat	"The male Asphodel Dotted Border looks like M. hilara, though actually much weaker on the wing."
Habitat	"Restricted to sedge areas of swamps. Exceedingly local. Brushy wetlands —not open sunny sedges as with E. dion, wet ditches with abundant sedge growth. Also found in flatwoods with sedge.The species is restricted to areas where the larval host sedges grow —in brushy wetlands, forested swamps, marshes, and sloughs. Adults fly low among the sedges and are easily overlooked. Adults rarely wander far from suitable habitat.Restricted to sedge marshes, swamps, and vicinity"
Non-Habitat	Fw 13-14 mm
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	"The adult glides just like a Lemenitis or Neptis species, and its active flight reminds of Luehdorfia japonica. "
Habitat	"open, disturbed sites including roadsides, oldfields, utility easement, agricultural land and gardens"
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Kahusha  
Non-Habitat	35-41 mm
Habitat	"Glades, wood edges, and by streams.largely absent from coastal plain."
Habitat	Mating occurs on high ground where the males tend to perch. Occurs on short grass prairie.
Habitat	Swamp woods or wet woods near sluggish streams. Cane stands must be present.
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Non-Habitat	often flies a short distance before settling down again.
Habitat	"Chaparral, conifer, mixed-conifer forests, pine-oak woodlands.Males perch on hilltops or along ridges to await receptive females for mating."
Non-Habitat	47-52 mm
Non-Habitat	24-29 mm
Habitat	"Oak-conifer forests above 6,000 ft.may be seen from ground level up into the trees."
Habitat	"Mainly disturbed, open situations."
Habitat	" oak woodlands, oak scrub, forest edges, woodland clearings, roadsides and utility easements;  This abundant skipper commonly wandersinto disturbed sites near its habitat In search of nectar.It is often a common garden visitor."
Non-Habitat	75-80mm
Habitat	"barren, rocky sites, especially on serpentinesoils, this early-season species is a hilltopper but can also be foundpatrolling along cliffs and canyon walls."
Habitat	"Deciduous forests, second-growth woods."
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Habitat	"Wide variety of open habitats, alfalfa fields, lawns, gardens, fields, deserts, prairies, foothills, and mountain meadows."
Habitat	At the time of this writing… have declined and are found only in a few hardwood hammocks on the keys.
Habitat	Boggy or scrubby areas dominated by blueberries and other heaths. Often in recovering burns or logged sites.
Non-Habitat	"7a [male] Velle de Polo, Dominican Republic, 2500 ft. August.7b [female] La Boulle, Haiti. July."
Habitat	"Fields and pastures, forest edges, and gardens. Primarily tropical but wanders widely.Old field"
Non-Habitat	Late May-Early June
Non-Habitat	Most of the species are extremely fast on the wing. One species is strongly migratory.
Habitat	Openings in woods.
Non-Habitat	" 1.1-1.4"" (2.8-3.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	" Primarily a tropical butterfly,it rarely strays into the Carolinas.; Stray [to the Carolinas]"
Habitat	"Weedy fields, roadsides, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	"Except for the Black Swallowtail and its relatives, the males patrol likely habitats in search of females."
Habitat	Formerly restricted to moist open woodlands but now also adapted to disturbed areas and gardens due to use of an introduced foodplant.
Non-Habitat	"The larvae were found in aggregations on leaves with numerous feeding marks about 1m above ground level; Their habit of resting in a file is the same as in Lethe gemina; They bite the petioles of 2-3 leaves to wither them, and rest there when not feeding. "
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Habitat	Limited to tallgrass prairie with wet areas where the larval host occurs.
Non-Habitat	"The larva rests on the leaf underside from the 1st to 5th instar. From the middle instar, the larva shows a habit of curving its body in the shape of an S when at rest on the leaf underside. As the pupation nears, when startled, the larva falls to the ground. Notably in this species and H. sumatrana, the larva in 4th-5th instar has round black patterns on the cranium reminding of the giant panda's face. "
Habitat	Seasonal mid-elevation tropical forests and edges.
Habitat	"Brushy old fields, clearings, pastures, headlands."
Non-Habitat	"The larva rolls a leaf blade to make a cylindrical nest, in which it rests"
Non-Habitat	"This species occurs in Rhodesia and Moҫambique, and is named from the Zambezi River. "
Non-Habitat	45-65 mm
Non-Habitat	85-95 mm
Non-Habitat	" This is a large, somewhat distinctive skipper often common in freshwater and brackish marshesalong coastal portions of the Carolinas.; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Habitat	"Moist weedy fields, swamp edges, parks."
Non-Habitat	Both sexes of this species normally settle on tree trunks or the stems of palm trees where they are wonderfully camouflaged; it has always puzzled me why there is otherwise so little camouflage in the Hesperiinae.
Habitat	"Overgrown fields, coastal hammocks, edges."
Habitat	"Frequents roadsides, brushy fields, and woodland edges and clearings, feeding at flowers and hanging upside down under leaves while roosting."
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Habitat	"Tropical scrub, open areas.Males may perch on hilltops to await receptive females."
Habitat	"Foothills, gardens. river forests in plains."
Non-Habitat	19-22 mm
Habitat	"Woods near rivers, swamps, marshes, moist woods, etc."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground. Females have a fluttering flight and are usually observed near the breeding habitat. 
Habitat	"This duskywing is often found on ridgetops in  areas of scrub oak or cut-over oak woods.Oak or oak-pine scrub, barrens, open sandy or shaley soils."
Non-Habitat	"1.0-1.5"" (2.5-3.8 cm)"
Habitat	"Open grassy areas from small openings to large meadows, sometimes wet with sedges and rank grasses."
Non-Habitat	[caterpillar] feeds at night
Habitat	Lowland scrub and seasonally dry foreat edges. Various open habitats during emigrations.
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	21-25mm
Non-Habitat	This species flies low over the ground. 
Habitat	"Rockfields, including rock slides… open rocky habitats usually above the timberline."
Habitat	"Openings in  forests along stream and river valleys, ravines."
Habitat	"Pine barrens, oak savannah, open sandy scrub."
Habitat	" old fields, meadows, pastures and roadsides;  As its name suggests, the Meadow Fritillaryinhabits a variety of open, sunny landscapes frommoist pastures to old fields and is quite tolerant of disturbed sites"
Non-Habitat	"eggs laid singly young shoots, new leavesor flower buds of host"
Habitat	The males of most species patrol forest gaps and edges in search of receptive females.
Habitat	Black Mangrove swamps and tidal flats.
Habitat	"Grassy tundra, especially knolls or ridgetops."
Habitat	"Open tropical lowlands — weedy fields, beach dunes."
Habitat	"Open waste areas, roadsides, and weedy pastures."
Non-Habitat	" the adults have a slow, bobbing flight andmaneuver low among the wetland vegetation, stopping frequently to perch."
Habitat	Openings in tropical low land forests or thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	"[female] Mt Isabella, Dominican Republic"
Non-Habitat	20-28 mm
Habitat	[image] males take up perches about waist-highMany disturbed and open forest situations.
Non-Habitat	March - Late October; multiple generations
Habitat	Black Spruce—tamarack bogs.
Habitat	"Open, sunny areas: fields, meadows, open forest."
Non-Habitat	36—46 mm (1 7/16-1 13/16 inches).
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	33-49 mm
Non-Habitat	"The most widespread Vanuatu race of R fuscus, occurring from the Banks groupin the north, to Efate in the south. Reported from Ureparapara, Mota Lava, Vanua Lava, Mota,Gaua, Espiritu Santo, Ambae, Maewo, Pentecost, Malakula, Ambrym, Paama, Epi and Efate. "
Habitat	"Desert grassland, pinyon-juniper woodland."
Habitat	A wide variety of open situations.tending to follow river valleys.
Non-Habitat	Swift flier 
Habitat	"Prairies, open ridges, edges of agricultural areas, and ditches.Males perch and patrol hilltops"
Non-Habitat	" 3.5-5.5"" (8.9-14.0 cm)"
Habitat	"Arid open areas, including desert foothills, pinyon-juniper, and sagebrush flats.Male Desert Marbles patrol ridges and hilltops in search of females."
Non-Habitat	"Resident [to the Carolinas];Although called the American Copper, somesuggest that the eastern populations of the butterflymay actually be the result of historical introductionsfrom Europe."
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on the tips of host leaves
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is confined to the higher mountains of Mahé and Silhouette.
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Habitat	"Marshes with sedges, wet meadows, and bogs.Adults are associated with sedges, particularly Carex spp.The species is very local and does not stray far from areas with sedges."
Habitat	"Streamsides, river forests, small towns, and subdivisions."
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Open, sunny areas: road edges, vacant lots, agricultural areas."
Non-Habitat	44-80 mm
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	Known only from Jamaica where it is a common and widespread butterfly of the lowlands. TL: Jamaica
Habitat	"Damp or wet fields, marshes, prairies.The perching males are obvious along stream-courses and ravines."
Non-Habitat	36-50 mm
Habitat	Tropical scrub and associated openings and edges.
Habitat	"Several species are found primarily in wetlands (marshes, swamps, river forests) or similar moist situations."
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Habitat	Disturbed or natural areas near palms.
Non-Habitat	60-70 mm.
Habitat	Open subtropical scrub and woods edges.
Non-Habitat	Sandy pebbles nearby the basal part of the foodplant are spun together with silk to make a nest.
Non-Habitat	each larva rested in a nest which was presumably made in a way that the larva ate off the tip of a leaf and folded it over towards the petiole to make it.
Non-Habitat	 Se Canada and ne.U.S.
Habitat	"[image] In the afternoon, males perch on shrubs or low tree branches, often their host hackberry, and await receptive females.River forests and thorn scrub."
Habitat	"Openings near streamcourses, second-growth scrub, and mixed woods with clearings."
Non-Habitat	"very fast and usually near canopy level, and always in bright sunshine"
Non-Habitat	30-37 mm
Habitat	Canyons with tropical dry forest or thorn scrub.Most often seen on wet gravelly or sandy spots along streams.[image]may be seen along small streams.
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a strong, agileflight and often soar high in the treetops,"
Habitat	"Deciduous forest openings and edges, prairie copses, acid barrens, swamp woods, etc."
Non-Habitat	25-36 mm
Habitat	Disturbed scrubland.
Non-Habitat	 Adults have a powerful and fast flight andtend to be quite wary and difficult to closely approacheven when nectaring at many late summer blossoms.
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.5"" (2.5-3.8 cm)"
Habitat	"Edges of damp woods or bogs, light gaps along streams, city parks."
Non-Habitat	" Adultshave a quick, darting flight and are fond of flowers."
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Habitat	"HABITAT: Openings in tropical thorn forest andscrub; city gardens, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in Natal, Transvaal, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and ranges to East Africa. "
Habitat	"habitat: Short-grass prairie knolls, limestone openings, and swales."
Non-Habitat	38-41 mm
Non-Habitat	"It flies very slowly about 1-1.5m above ground level, though not for any long period but it soon perches on a leaf. "
Non-Habitat	"occasional generally, but may be common to abundant locally...the species is the most common of its genus in PNG"
Non-Habitat	Pupates in a flimsy cocoon under stones or moss.
Habitat	" The Palatka Skipper, also called theSawgrass Skipper, is generally found in close proximityto Its larval host.;  wetlands, coastal freshwater and brackishmarshes"
Habitat	"Sunny glades along forest edges, rocky ridges, barrens, and dunes.Butterflies usually perch directly on host plants, where males carry out their search for mates."
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Cisaltai plain."
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, pastures, fields."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly with a gliding or sailing flight. 
Non-Habitat	48-62 mm
Non-Habitat	" Together, they oftenform a circus of activity with several pausing briefly toperch or nectar before one flies up and disturbs theothers, only to alight again moments later."
Habitat	"Hardwood hammocks on FIa. Keys, river forests elsewhere."
Habitat	"Open woodlands, prairie watercourses, and canyons."
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	45-50 mm.
Habitat	"Many open, lowland tropical situations including forest edges, pastures, and city gardens."
Habitat	"Valleys, desert canyons, and washes."
Non-Habitat	 It is a wary butterfly but readily perches on or near the ground and visits a variety oflow-growing spring flowers
Habitat	"A wide variety of open areas —roadsides, prairies, gardens, suburban lots, marshes.males resting on low vegetation or on the ground"
Habitat	"Subtropical second growth, woodland edges, brushy fields, city gardens."
Non-Habitat	Lazily slow
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	up to three inches
Non-Habitat	The adult glides slowly above tree canopies
Habitat	Stream valleys in  seasonal semideciduous dry  forest. Usually found at flowers.
Non-Habitat	55-68 mm
Habitat	"Dry, sunny slopes and ravines with host-plant colonies.The inter-mountain high desert range"
Non-Habitat	"1.75-2.50"" (4.4-6.6 cm)"
Habitat	Upper limits of tidal marshes.
Habitat	"In Fla., hammocks and scrub at sea level"
Habitat	"Mixed woodlands, open rocky slopes, meadows, and stream banks."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly or in small stacks on host leaves
Habitat	"Open grassy slopes, mountain meadows."
Habitat	"Sunny glades along forest edges, rocky ridges, barrens, and dunes.Butterflies usually perch directly on host plants, where males carry out their search for mates."
Non-Habitat	" 1.1-1.4"" (2.8-3.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	57-66 mm
Habitat	Wet tundra.
Non-Habitat	Mostly s. ON. but range expanding
Non-Habitat	Fw 23-30 mm
Habitat	"Openings in riparian woods, marshes, nearby fields and edges, wooded ravines in prairies."
Non-Habitat	flies only just before or during the early part of the rainy season
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	140-170 mm.
Habitat	"[image] Most often found in sunny forest openings or in fields near forests.Open woodland and fields, generally more boreal than other eastern cloudywings."
Habitat	"In Mexico, openings and wide trails in a variety of mature tropical forests. 0-2700 ft.(0—800 m)."
Non-Habitat	"Late April - November; multiple generations;  It regularly expands itsrange each summer, establishing temporary breedingcolonies throughout the southeast from Maryland toTexas."
Habitat	A local species of prairies and open grasslands.
Non-Habitat	Emits strong offensive odor when alarmed
Non-Habitat	"Flight is rapid and low, difficult to follow."
Non-Habitat	Late May-Early June
Habitat	Virgin prairies.
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 13-14 mm
Habitat	Not reported.
Habitat	"Males patrol ridges and hilltopsVery local, various open areas, including shale barrens, lakeshore dunes, and prairie hills.[image] These butterflies are very sensitive to light conditions and fly only in sunlight. The male patrol along ridgetops or bluffs."
Non-Habitat	"powerful soaring flights or by their abilities of gliding on the wind,Usually they fly high above forests, but frequently fly down to lower spots along streams or forest edges"
Habitat	Subtropical scrub and desert.
Habitat	"Moist open areas, marsh edges."
Habitat	"Wetlands are the primary or sole habitat for most species, and males perch in swales or other low spots,"
Non-Habitat	80-100 mm
Habitat	Short-grass prairie.
Habitat	"limited in their occurrence to unplowed tall-grass prairie, mainly in preserves."
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larva rest around the center of the leaf on the upperside, and eats the leaf from the edge, leaving the veins uneaten. The larva continues to rest on the leaf upperside after molting in the spring, but it pupates on the leaf underside. "
Habitat	Tropical woods.
Habitat	Edge of woods with dense undergrowth along Rio Grande.
Habitat	"most of the colonies of the Karner Blue are found in pine barrens, well-vegetated sand hills dominated by pines and oaks."
Habitat	"Desert grassland, pinyon-juniper woodland."
Non-Habitat	Flies slowly about 1.5-2m above ground level. 
Non-Habitat	"laid singly on the foodplant; Observations suggest that females probably range widely during the season and may even spread several kilometres away from main breeding areas, laying eggs in any suitable patches of vegetation as they go."
Non-Habitat	North Holarctics including northern mountains of Central Asia.
Non-Habitat	" 1.2-1.6"" (3.0-4.1 cm)"
Habitat	"Wooded areas with trees infested with mistletoe: wooded swamps, oak woods, mesquite, etc."
Habitat	"A variety of woods or edges with evergreen or deciduous oaks, oak hammocks in Deep South"
Non-Habitat	"Lycorea ceres ranges from Mexico to Argentina. It occurs in the West Indies in two subspecies; L. ceres has been taken at times in the Lesser Antilles, e.g. on St Lucia in 1913, no doubt as a wanderer from Trinidad or the neighbouring mainland where it occurs as L. ceres atergatis Doubleday 1847. "
Habitat	Shaded subtropical woods. Polxthrixes often perch upside-down under large leaves in the forest understory.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 25-28 mm
Habitat	often found in sandy soil habitats
Habitat	Open brushy areas in seasonal tropical low lands.
Non-Habitat	both male and female actively fly around mountaintops in the morning when the temperature is low enough to form mist or fog.
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, fields, orchards, second growth."
Non-Habitat	Female lays about 5 to 95 eggs at once on stem of food plant or sprout. 
Non-Habitat	April - September; two generations
Non-Habitat	The adult flies actively and often perches on low grasses and herbs in the underbrush
Non-Habitat	"Each larvalives in a rolled or partially rolled leaf, formed with silken threads holding the leaf in position"
Habitat	"Open areas in  or near woods, often near streams."
Non-Habitat	Strong flight
Habitat	[image]Dry-season form individuals of tropical yellows spend much time resting in the shadeEdges of brushy fields and forest.
Non-Habitat	April - September; two or more generations
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	This species often visits flowers. 
Habitat	"Edges of woods, forest glades, wooded roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a weak, dancing flight and readily stop tonectar. Males often gather in small clusters on dampground. "
Habitat	Open glades or ridges (or artificial power-line cuts) within limestone soil woodlands.
Habitat	"Grassy slopes, mixed chaparral and oak woodland, openings in redwood forests.[image]Males will fly to ridgetops to seek females."
Non-Habitat	This species readily settles on flowering bushes. 
Habitat	have their major populations limited to the pine scrub on Big Pine Key
Non-Habitat	FWL: 19-22 mm
Non-Habitat	"Males regularly 'hilltop' late morning and early afternoon. Females show no tendency to 'hilltop', but territorial range is extensive."
Habitat	"The Two-banded Checkered Skipper is typically found on dry non-forested slopes and along stream-side clearings at low elevations in the mountains, and on Diyas beds along streams."
Habitat	"In Mexico, openings and wide trails in a variety of mature tropical forests. 0-2700 ft.(0—800 m)."
Non-Habitat	" 0.75-1.25"" (1.9-3.2 cm)"
Habitat	Open scrub in desert and subtropics.
Habitat	Male Pahaska Skippers perch on hilltops or knolls
Habitat	Subtropical scrub and associated gullies. Males perch on tall shrubs in steep canyons.
Non-Habitat	"The adults select cotlonwood, aspen, or willows for their caterpillar hosts. Eggs are laid singly at the tip of host leaves,"
Habitat	In the West the species is found in most boreal wooded habitats south to cen. Calif.Open boreal woodland near stream courses
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	This insect is a local coastal forest species only known from Moҫambique (to the lower Zambezi River) except for a solitary record from the Vumba Mountains on the Rhodesian border. 
Non-Habitat	37-44 mm
Non-Habitat	" Thisbehavior coupled with a long proboscis enables themto visit a wide range of flowers, including many thatotherwise might not easily support their weight."
Non-Habitat	Larvae live within a rolled leaf tied with silk…  Pupation is  within a  shelter  formed  by a  rolled leaf with  sealed  ends
Non-Habitat	Crassulaceae and Sedum kamtschaticum
Habitat	"Open woodlands, prairie watercourses, and canyons."
Habitat	Tundra.
Non-Habitat	" fly about 4-10m above ground level. The male flies rapidly, whereas the female is slow. "
Habitat	"Old fields, bluffs, juniper forests, and breaks."
Habitat	"Dry, rocky, arid slopes and ridges."
Non-Habitat	"3.1-4.0"" (7.9-10.2 cm)"
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid singly at the base of a dormant bud or the leaf scar of a twig.
Non-Habitat	"In the Aburi Botanical Gardens near Accra three or four males used to perch a metre or so from each other on a large bougainvillea facing a lawn, from where they would fly off on wild sorties, two or more often fighting. The speed of the large Borbo and Pelopidas must sometimes get close to 50 kilometres per hour."
Non-Habitat	late May-Mid August
Non-Habitat	24-30 mm
Non-Habitat	 Males may frequently be seen puddling atmoist ground;  The adults are not strongly restricted towet sites and often wander extensively into nearbyhabitats in search of nectar.
Non-Habitat	Females have been observed laying their eggs on the food plant.
Habitat	"Subtropical woods, seasonally dry thorn forest."
Habitat	"Open sunny areas with at least some bare soil and low  vegetation — open pine woods, prairies, landfills, highway shoulders, vacant lots, etc."
Habitat	"Wide variety of open situations including forest openings, prairies, and power-line cuts."
Non-Habitat	Fly slowly around treetops.
Non-Habitat	55-70 mm
Habitat	Seasonally dry tropical forest edges and thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	April - Early November; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	66-84 mm
Non-Habitat	" Well camouflaged when resting, it can be achallenge to locate or follow."
Non-Habitat	" adults favor red, pink and purple flowers."
Non-Habitat	eye-spot on either side slightly behind the head
Non-Habitat	Cuba only. TL: Cuba.
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Habitat	Sunny open slopes in foothills and desert canyons.
Non-Habitat	"Visitor [to the Carolinas];  The butterfly is migratory, and moves southward each fall tooverwinter in warmer portions of Florida"
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Similar in habits to forestan
Habitat	"Open and scrubby areas — dry meadows, power-line rights of way, prairie hills, upland barrens, etc."
Non-Habitat	"C. pomona is a fast and powerful flier,"
Habitat	"Moist openings and bogs, usually in lodgepole pine forests."
Non-Habitat	14-18 mm
Non-Habitat	"[male] S.E.Cordillera, Dominican Republic, 7000ft. August."
Habitat	"Barrens and open woods on native hosts, highway shoulders, railroad beds, and upland fields on crown-vetch."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	"Subtropical woods, seasonally dry thorn forest."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Males patrol hillsides or valley bottoms.A variety of open sunny areas, usually along valleys or hillsides"
Habitat	"Stream edges, bogs, roadsides, open meadows."
Habitat	"Widespread in open situations such as power-line cuts, Andropogon fields, moist meadows, etc."
Habitat	Swamp woods or wet woods near sluggish streams. Cane stands must be present.
Habitat	"[image] winter- or dry-season form spends more time resting in shady locations.Low areas in Iower austral and subtropical zones, including open woods, pines, open fields, and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	The flight of this butterfly is slow and close to the ground. 
Habitat	"Open areas in general, especially disturbed areas.Weedy urban and suburban lots."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly.
Habitat	"Males patrol hilltops awaiting femalesBrushy hillsides, prairie ridges."
Non-Habitat	" The Tawny Crescent is a rare residentspecies that has severely declined in recent years overmuch of its eastern range. Highly restricted within theCarolinas, the species is of conservation concern andstrongly in need of status surveys to determine thelocation and number of remaining colonies.; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Habitat	"Wooded areas including suburbs, oak woods, deserts, pinyon-juniper forest."
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, beach dunes, second growth, pastures, etc."
Non-Habitat	 Populations of Southern Hairstreaks outsideof the Florida peninsula and extreme southern Atlanticcoast to southeastern South Carolina were previouslytreated as an entirely separate species (the NorthernHairstreak). They are now recognized as geographicraces of the same butterfly.; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Habitat	"Salt marshes, open fields, dunes."
Habitat	Open areas near wooded swamps or rivers.
Non-Habitat	90-100 mm
Non-Habitat	"1.6-2.4"" (4.1-6.1 cm)"
Habitat	Weedy fields and edges in lowland tropical forests.
Habitat	"Ravines, open limestone canyons, dry washes in a variety of low-eIevation habitats."
Non-Habitat	April - August; two generations
Habitat	"Open areas with low vegetation; meadows, dunes, vacant lots."
Non-Habitat	31-34 mm
Non-Habitat	Feed from flowers and drinks from moist sand.
Habitat	" This skipper may be abundant in lowlands where it frequents gullies, ditches and other weedy places."
Habitat	Openings in pine forests.
Non-Habitat	100-130 mm.
Habitat	" woodland edges, adjacent open areas, gardens and parks. It typically dwells high up in the canopy close to its mistletoe host. Nonetheless, adults readily come down to feed on available flowers and can be closely observed."
Habitat	"Mountain meadows, moist prairie valleys."
Non-Habitat	Flies swiftly along forest roads and trails. 
Non-Habitat	33-42 mm
Non-Habitat	31-37 mm
Habitat	"Flight is rapid and erratic, often in shade.Lowland tropical evergreen or semideciduous forests."
Non-Habitat	120-150 mm.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	May-Early August
Non-Habitat	Females are usually observed flying near the food plant.
Habitat	"Open, sunny, weedy environments."
Habitat	"Openings in river forests, stream valleys."
Habitat	"Glades, wood edges, and by streams.largely absent from coastal plain."
Habitat	limited to acid bogs
Non-Habitat	"Males patrol open sunny areas, including the summits of hills, gliding gracefully back and forth 1-2 m above the ground with a weak, slow, and regular flight, occasionally settling on low objects with wings outspread, to establish territories. If disturbed or approached by rival males they may fly at great speed in a fast, erratic manner. "
Habitat	" open woodlands, forest margins and clearings,scrub and bogs;  it seldom wandersremains Stands of its larval hosts; generally remain close to the ground,perching on low vegetation or resting on the ground itself."
Non-Habitat	17-24mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	34-42 mm
Non-Habitat	considers L. caesia distasteful because it feeds on the Capparidaceae
Habitat	"Tropical thorn scrub, dry riverbeds, abandoned fields."
Non-Habitat	flap-and-glide flight typical of admirals.
Habitat	isolated pine barrensPine-oak barrens in East
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	"[male] Kenscoff, Haiti, 4800 ft. March. "
Habitat	A wide variety of open situations.tending to follow river valleys.
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Non-Habitat	80mm
Non-Habitat	95-110 mm.
Non-Habitat	"At such time, I have found it easy to locateseveral larvae and their leaf shelters on virtually everyplant of Carolina Indigo examined."
Habitat	Not reported.
Habitat	Forest edges.
Non-Habitat	22-28 mm
Non-Habitat	None
Habitat	"Stream edges, bogs, roadsides, open fields."
Habitat	"Adults can be found in small clearings in aspen woods, edges of poplar groves, along prairiestreams, in badlands and in ravines"
Habitat	"open, disturbed sites including roadsides,vacant lots and old fields;  Males often gather in small clusters on dampground."
Non-Habitat	37-46 mm
Habitat	"Dry, rocky, arid slopes and ridges."
Non-Habitat	41-51 mm
Non-Habitat	"The larva coats a small twig of a young tree with silk, and curls itself around the silken pad during the winter; Even during winter, some larvae move for better places for overwintering"
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on or near host leaves
Non-Habitat	" The Least Skipper has a low, weak flightand flutters slowly through the vegetation, occasionallypausing to nectar or perch."
Non-Habitat	"the Zebra, roosts in small to large clusters."
Habitat	"Shaded, subtropical hardwood hammocks and adjacent open areas, botanical gardens with ornamental cycads."
Habitat	"Shady, wooded areas near small streams leading into swamps."
Non-Habitat	April - Late September; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on upper surface of host leaves
Habitat	[image] This is a widespread skipper of tall- and midgrass prairies. It is an excellent indicator of undisturbed prairie conditions. Tall-grass prairie.
Non-Habitat	"Resident [to the Carolinas];  Unableto withstand freezing temperatures, the Buckeyeannually undertakes a southward fall migration andoverwinters in warmer Gulf Coast locations."
Habitat	Seasonally dry tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	"The habits are the usual ones of this genus, where the flight is fast and frenzied and they are mostly seen on the wing when the males fly furious display flights in clearings and along paths."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on the underside of hostleaves
Habitat	richest in tropical habitats throughout the world
Habitat	"Flight is rapid and erratic, often in shade.Lowland tropical evergreen or semideciduous forests."
Non-Habitat	"flies in irregular tempos but rapidly. When chased, it often disappears into thickets. "
Habitat	"Damp, wooded ravines."
Habitat	Liverwort Beds
Non-Habitat	March - October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on all parts of host
Non-Habitat	" They do not visit flowers but instead prefer to feed at sap flows, rotting fruit,decaying vegetation, fungi and dung."
Habitat	Trails and light gaps in wet forest
Non-Habitat	" 1.50-1.75"" (3.8-4.4 cm)"
Habitat	Flower gardens in Texas; fields and wood edges in tropics.
Habitat	"[image] tropical lowlandsEdge of brushy areas, trails, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	" 0.9-1.4"" (2.3-3.6 cm)"
Habitat	Moist areas near shaded wood edges.
Habitat	Open areas near woods or scrub. Most likely to be found in city parks in Northeast.
Non-Habitat	the female lays an egg singly on the tip of a leaf
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	Usually 1-2 eggs are laid together
Non-Habitat	" Like most satyrs,the adults feed at sap flows, fermenting fruit, animaldung or rotting fungi and do not visit flowers."
Habitat	" deciduous or mixed forests, clearings, woodland roads, forest edges and adjacent open areas"
Habitat	Wet tropical forests.
Habitat	"arid areasCanyons and hills in deserts, sagebrush, and juniper woodland."
Non-Habitat	Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Kitembo; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	45-60 mm
Habitat	" It inhabits open forests, along their edges and in clearings, and along streams on the prairies."
Habitat	Forests with oaks or hickories and adjacent edges or fields.[image] even in urban parks. Adults are most easily found nectaring at milkweeds near forest edges.
Habitat	"Brackish river marshes, abandoned rice paddies"
Non-Habitat	"Vane-Wright (1984) suggests that the green females may evoke a long-distance response from males, believing them to be competitors, so that they get mated faster, while the yellow-banded female form might be less prone to predator attack or have some other advantage."
Non-Habitat	 Adults frequently visit flowers and are particularly fond of whitesweet clover.
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Habitat	Lowland tropical scrub.
Habitat	"[image]Territorial males may be found in late afternoon, often on hilltops. Barrens, neglected pastures, sparsely wooded hills, copses near prairie streams."
Non-Habitat	"Endangerment: Near threatened, protected in all of Finland."
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larva stays on the leaf underside, although, from 2nd instar onward, it rests oon the upperside of leaves. Pupation takes place on the leaf underside."
Habitat	"Meadows and open grassy or rocky areas, especially on Canadian Shield (a Precambrian formation)."
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, river woods,desert mountains, and fields."
Non-Habitat	40-50 mm
Non-Habitat	"The eggs of Hesperiidae are usually hemispherical in general shape, with a micropylar depression above; the surface may be smooth, slightly roughened or, more frequently, with vertical ribs. They are deposited singly on or close to the food plant"
Non-Habitat	 They regularly venture downto nectar at a variety of small-flowered blossoms.
Non-Habitat	180-230mm
Habitat	"Ravines, canyons, roadsides in juniper or oak-juniper woodland."
Habitat	"Usually restricted to saltbush flats, arid canyons, dry washes, and ditches."
Non-Habitat	"The flight is always low down, except for E. senegalensis, which feeds on Acacia-creepers and therefore flies higher."
Habitat	Virgin high prairie in Man.
Habitat	"Dense riverside woods, dry woods, cities, etc."
Non-Habitat	" Restricted to the western Carolinamountains, the Silvery Blue typically occurs in low-density, isolated colonies, seldom far from stands of itslarval hosts.; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Habitat	Arid subtropical chaparral.
Habitat	" moist areas in or near deciduous woodlands,wet meadows, marshes, forest edges, stream corridors, roadsides, pastures, utility easements and oldfields; Although it prefers moist,grassy or sedge-dominated areas associated withdeciduous woods, it frequently ventures into surrounding areas, and is periodically encountered in homegardens. Males occasionally visit damp ground."
Non-Habitat	28-32 mm
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- N. Kivu; Uganda- Bwindi, Echuya, Mafuga, Mt Rwenzori"
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	60-100 mm
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	28-35mm
Non-Habitat	"The larva, from the 1st to 5th instar, lives on the underside of leaves; "
Non-Habitat	22-29 mm
Habitat	"Pinewoods, coastal swamps."
Habitat	"Open grassy areas with nectar sources, including suburban habitats and roadsides."
Habitat	moist areas and open woods
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Usually tropical moist forest above 5oo m on Hispaniola, but also in other situations."
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a slow, soaring flight"
Non-Habitat	" 1.1-1.4"" (2.8-3.6 cm}"
Non-Habitat	74-86 mm
Habitat	Disturijed forest and edges
Habitat	"Residential areas, weedy fields, thornscrub, edges."
Habitat	"Males patrol hilltops awaiting femalesBrushy hillsides, prairie ridges."
Habitat	Tropical rain and cloud forests.
Habitat	" open grassy areas including pastures, roadsides, old fields, wet meadows, marshes, utilityeasements and lawns; fleck's Skipper is a butterfly of open, often moistgrassy areas;  It tolerates a wide range ofhuman-disturbed, grassy areas including roadsides andsuburban lawns."
Habitat	"Moist open areas, marsh edges."
Habitat	"Open tropical lowlands — weedy fields, beach dunes."
Habitat	"Males of Pahaska Skipper perch on hilltopRocky Mt. foothills and prairiesFoothills with short-grass prairie, prairie hills, desert grassland, open pine forest."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a quick,erratic flight and frequently perch high on the leaves ofsurrounding vegetation."
Habitat	[image] live in moister habitats [than Gorgone Checkerspot] along streams and moist meadows.Openings near stream courses; second-growth scrub.
Habitat	"Rich, deciduous woods."
Habitat	A local species of forests.
Non-Habitat	"Throughout the larval stage, the larva rests on the leaf underside, although in the last instar it more often rests on the stem with its head directed downward"
Habitat	"Small clearings in tropical woodlands; weedy areas in parks, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 12-13 mm
Habitat	"Openings in riparian woods, marshes, nearby fields and edges, wooded ravines in prairies."
Habitat	Tropical seasonally dry forest and associated edges.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Kibali-Ituri, Kivu, Mambasa"
Habitat	"has its metropolis in the tall-grass prairie and mid-grass prairie region, but it  also occurs in wet meadows in other areas."
Non-Habitat	"The female lays 2-3 eggs together on the underside of a foodplant leaf, and the newly hatched larvae disperse. "
Non-Habitat	"On sunny days males of some Belenois and Appias fly incessantly along forest roads in large numbers, mainly in the same direction, and usually in the company of Graphium policenes. I have never had the patience or time to study what happens at the end of the forest, but any flight in the opposite direction always seems to be much weaker."
Non-Habitat	29-34 mm
Habitat	"Desert washes, low ridges, openings in moist thorn scrub."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly or in small clusters on leaves
Non-Habitat	75mm
Non-Habitat	36-45 mm
Non-Habitat	Flight weak.
Habitat	"Oak woodland, coniferous forest, etc."
Habitat	"Openings where lupines grow. Oak savannas, forest clearings, and edges.This is a perching species, males occupying sites near lupines where they remain on the ground or on low vegetationThe species benefits from burning because it keeps the oak clearings from being shaded by invading shrubs and thus keeps the lupines healthy."
Non-Habitat	[male] Grand Cayman.
Habitat	"Open, sunny areas in a variety of  tropical plant formations. Migrants almost anywhere,"
Non-Habitat	37-47 mm
Habitat	"May be incredibly abundant in freshwater marshes and ditches.Wet open areas, ditches, marshes, sluggish streams."
Habitat	"Small clearings in tropical woodlands, city flower gardens, wood edges.Males perch on bare projecting twigs and branches."
Non-Habitat	Females have an anal hair-tuft and hairs are deposited so that they cover the eggs.
Habitat	Prairies.
Non-Habitat	"The male flies up to mountaintops and shows territorial behavior. Sometimes, it flies high up into the sky disappearing out of the observer's sight. "
Habitat	"Savannas, barrens, open sandy scrub, old pastures, prairies; sometimes occurs during early succession when little bluestem thrives after prairie burns. apparently limited to regions where the principal larval host, little bluestem (Schizachyrium scoparium) occurs.Where soil and environmental conditions favor the long-term survival of little bluestem grass the Cobweb Skipper may persist for many years. But when growing conditions cause competing plants to reduce or eliminate little blue-stem, the Cobweb Skipper population declines and eventually dies out.Males of the species perch on low vegetation"
Non-Habitat	Feeds from flowers.
Habitat	Salt or brackish marshes.
Habitat	Near woodland streams.
Non-Habitat	None
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Tanzania- Mahale; Uganda- Bwindi, Echuya, Mafuga"
Habitat	Moist tundra.
Non-Habitat	"Two generations completed annually near Sydney; usually only one generation in the highlands of se. Aust. and Tasmania, with adults emerging in Nov and Dec, followed by a partial second generation in Feb and Mar."
Habitat	"Males of our species patrol along streambeds. dirt roads, or relatively bare openings."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a quick, nervous flight but readilyalight on low vegetation or leaf litter."
Non-Habitat	May - July; single generation;  Larvae overwinter and complete development the following spring.;  This small woodland skipper has a singleearly summer flight.
Habitat	"Mainly disturbed, open situations."
Habitat	"Pastures, brushy fields, roadsides, wooded trails."
Habitat	Tropical and subtropical woods and edges.
Habitat	Pinewoods.
Non-Habitat	"They are high flyers... but the female is very awkward in flight. Jun Hase reported that the males of Ambon and S. Celebesian subspecies displayed territoriality in the morning, at that time they chose a perch on the tip of the tall tree and furiously drove intruding butterflies out. Such a Nymphalid-like behaviour is not found in any other Troides species.glide along tops of mango trees."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"limited in their occurrence to unplowed tall-grass prairie, mainly in preserves."
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Habitat	Always associated with cane; usually wooded areas with cane near streams.The species is always associated with giant cane.
Non-Habitat	wideranging
Non-Habitat	71-94 mm
Habitat	"Most common in  pine barrens, this elfin can also be found in deciduous woodlands with groves of white pine."
Habitat	"Prairie hills, rocky ridgetops."
Habitat	Wood edges and roadsides.
Non-Habitat	22-24 mm
Habitat	"from damp meadows to coastal marshes, the butterflyfrequently finds its way into suburban yards; open woodlands, forest edges, roadsides, pastures. wetland edges and old fields"
Non-Habitat	"The habits of the Cameroun Snow-Horned Skipper are like those of C. niveicornis, whose flight is usually fast, especially in the grasslands, but when males of C. niveicornis are inside forest looking for flowers or females the flight is more buzzing."
Habitat	"Open areas with closely cropped vegetation, pastures, dunes, road verges."
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Tropical woods or scrub and associated edges.
Habitat	Waste areas.
Habitat	Willow bogs in taiga
Non-Habitat	20-30mm
Non-Habitat	"the newly hatched larvae aggregate up to the 3rd instar. As they grow older, they disperse from one another. "
Habitat	"Prelers open fields or glades, with nectar sources, adjacent to oak woodlands."
Non-Habitat	 Larvaeconstruct individual leaf shelters at the base of thehost.
Habitat	"Open fields, moist woods, edge of Rio Grande."
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Non-Habitat	"males fly very fast with a swooping, circling flightfemale flight mimics a female Parides"
Habitat	"Wide variety of open, weedy tropical and subtropical situations. May appear anywhere during northward incursions, e.g., Ariz. mountains, timberline in Colo., etc."
Habitat	Grassy slopes and chaparrel in foothills.Colonies are closely tied to host plants.
Non-Habitat	not a rapid flier
Non-Habitat	The female lays eggs in batches
Non-Habitat	30mm
Non-Habitat	"Univoltine, May - August; bivoltine in lowland."
Non-Habitat	"I saw it a few times in Korup flying along forest roads – much faster than Mylothris flaviana, which tends to stay inside dark forest."
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Ituri, Kivu; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi, Kibale, Mafuga, Mt Rwenzori"
Non-Habitat	Readily feed from flowers.
Habitat	"Both our species are strong fliers, usually found flying high over the canopy or along rivers.  Adults may occasionally be seen visiting moist sand along rivers or streams."
Habitat	Short-grass prairies.
Habitat	"limited in their occurrence to unplowed tall-grass prairie, mainly in preserves."
Non-Habitat	" 0.5-1.0"" (1.3-2.5 cm)"
Habitat	"Coastal dunes, streambeds in oak woodland and chaparral."
Non-Habitat	the species is the most common of its genus in PNG
Habitat	Clearings or edges in wet or swampy woods.
Habitat	"Males perch on or close to the ground in woods openings or nearby fields,"
Non-Habitat	 periodically stoppingto perch or nectar.
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional to common locally"
Habitat	"Widespread in  open situations, fields, meadows. power-line cuts, suburbia, etc."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	FWL: 17-19 mm
Habitat	Open areas in subtropical thorn forest.
Habitat	Seasonally wet and dry tropical forest and associated edges.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on twigs of host
Non-Habitat	Several larvae were found on the leaf upperside.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-16mm
Habitat	Tundra.
Non-Habitat	Powerful fast flight along cliff faces and places near the host-plant
Non-Habitat	May - October; two generations;  Later instar larvae overwinter.
Habitat	"Deciduous forest openings and edges, prairie copses, acid barrens, swamp woods, etc."
Non-Habitat	" The Dreamy Duskywing is a small, earlyseason species that just barely makes its way into ourfauna in the western Carolines.; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Non-Habitat	Flight weak. Settles frequently after short flights
Habitat	Frequents mixed grass prairie and valleys and coulees in the drier regions.  Hilltops and crests with very short grass appear to be favoured areas. Sits on rocks.
Habitat	found only in tidal freshwater or brackish marshes near the mouths of large rivers.
Non-Habitat	" Adultshave a fast, erratic flight and buzz rapidly among lowvegetation, pausing occasionally to nectar or perch"
Habitat	"On or near scrub oaks in sand barrens, shale barrens, limestone ridges, and similar open areas."
Non-Habitat	24—32 mm (1 5/16-1 1/4 inches)
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Habitat	"Open areas near woods, barrens, taiga (?)."
Habitat	Brushy areas.
Non-Habitat	Early July-Mid August
Habitat	found in densely forested swamps or along wooded streams. The males perch and patrol chiefly in the shade or in the open at dusk or on overcast days. They often rest on tree trunks.
Non-Habitat	" 1.3-1.8"" (3.3-4.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Ituri, Lake Tanganyika shores, Tanzania- Unspecified locality, Uganda- Bugoma, Semliki"
Habitat	" marshes, forest edges and pinelands;  A large skipper of coastal marshes and pineforests, it occasionally shows up in home gardens."
Habitat	"Mid-grass and tall-grass prairies, foothills."
Non-Habitat	49-62 mm
Habitat	"Open deciduous woods and scrub, especially along streams, open fields, and many others."
Non-Habitat	"[image] May migrate southward but also can overwinter in cold climates.apparently, some of the population migrates south each fall."
Non-Habitat	"Males are regularly seen feeding on flowers, especially in the morning. "
Non-Habitat	50-71 mm
Habitat	"Mixed evergreen forest openings, headlands with low heaths."
Habitat	Wood edges at low or midelevations.
Habitat	"inhabit woodlands, fields, and gardens. "
Habitat	often found in sandy soil habitats
Habitat	"Dry sandy fields, roadsides, old fields, rights of way."
Non-Habitat	Always close to the ground
Habitat	"Weedy areas, roadsides, gardens."
Habitat	"Edges of damp woods or bogs, light gaps along streams, city parks."
Non-Habitat	Species of this genus always fly low down.
Non-Habitat	From chart: approx. May-July
Habitat	"Males perch on or close to the ground in woods openings or nearby fields,"
Habitat	"Tropical hammocks, river forests, edges."
Habitat	"Fields, edges, or openings with small to medium pines."
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	" 1.4-7.8"" (3.6—4.6 cm)"
Habitat	Oak thickets in foothills.
Habitat	often found in damp woodlands
Non-Habitat	"is difficult to ,observe unless perched or nectaring"
Habitat	Open pine woods.
Habitat	Acid bogs with cranberries.Not usually found in commercial cranberry bogs due to the use of pesticides.
Non-Habitat	Univoltine; from mid - late May to late June (beginning July); records of a second brood need confirmation.
Habitat	Weedy fields and edges in lowland tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	34-51 mm
Non-Habitat	Fly at dusk around Phoenix palms
Non-Habitat	"low, rapid erratic flight"
Habitat	"Meadows, mountainsides, and forest openings."
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Habitat	"Black spruce or tamarack bogs, occasionally lodgepole pine forests."
Non-Habitat	36-43 mm
Habitat	"Grassy areas in open, sandy pine woods."
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	"The males patrol low down and at great speed in a straight line, occasionally stopping to feed from flowers."
Non-Habitat	"The male flies up to mountain peaks and shows territorial behavior. The female flies slowly around foodplants,"
Habitat	Oak groves and stream valleys.
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larvae remain gregarious on the leaf underside, keeping their bodies in close contact with one another, and synchronize feeding as well. In the 4th instar, the number of larvae in a group decreases to two or three. The last instar larva mostly live alone. "
Habitat	"Mixed oak scrub, prairie valleys, hedgerows."
Habitat	"Always found in association with cane, usually in wooded areas and often along streams.It occurs in the southernmost counties where giant cane grows. Found only in the presence of cane, where it is reasonably common."
Habitat	Rocky alpine slopes and ridges.
Habitat	"Open fields, moist woods, edge of Rio Grande."
Non-Habitat	"Adults are fond of brightly colored, long tubular blossoms."
Habitat	"City flower gardens, lakes formed from cut-off river oxbows, canals, fields."
Non-Habitat	"Females spend much time searching for appropriate host plants, which for the forest species does not seem to be all that easy. They are then easily told apart from their presumed Mylothris models since they fly so much lower than these ever do."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- N. Kivu
Habitat	Pine-Oak Barrens
Habitat	"Pastures, dunes, forest edges in subtropical and tropical zones. Mid-elevations in southwestern mountains."
Non-Habitat	will visit lights in small numbers
Non-Habitat	Adults fly in open grassy areas close to the ground during sunshine. Females are usually observed flying solitarily among grass tussocks. 
Non-Habitat	"Mountains of S. Siberia, Mongolia, N. and C. China and Korea"
Non-Habitat	It is laid singly on wilted plants which either stand upright or lie flat on the ground.
Non-Habitat	"Like the patches, females lay their eggs in clusters"
Non-Habitat	Flight is rapid and strong
Non-Habitat	"It often flies very rapidly and energetically, but sometimes fairlyclose to the ground where it is not difficult to catch. It is found at rain forest margins or in openings in the rain forest."
Habitat	"Short-grass prairie, grassy openings in Ponderosa pine forest."
Habitat	"Edges of damp woods or bogs, openings along streams, city parks."
Habitat	Hilly tundra (drumlins) near coast.
Non-Habitat	"1.0-1.8"" (2.5-4.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Bad taste. The toxins come from the plants that the caterpillars fed upon.
Non-Habitat	wideranging
Habitat	"Openings in subtropical scrub, forest edges, and adjacent fields."
Non-Habitat	Usually swarms around stands of Cadaba. The butterfly is very alert and rarely stays at the same flower for long.
Habitat	"[image] Male perching on leaf along small streamWoodlands, usually deciduous, near slow-moving or swampy streams.Adults are usually found near woolly aphid colonies;"
Habitat	Forest edges and openings: road edges. Middle elevations in tropics.
Habitat	"Dry, rocky desert scrub, including hills and washes.Males perch on hilltops"
Habitat	Open subtropical scrub.
Habitat	"During the summer, males patrol open fields or similar areas in search of females"
Habitat	Heavily wooded oak belt in more heavily wooded lower canyons. Males perch on trees on hilItops.
Non-Habitat	It is limited to coastal portions ofFlorida and is a very rare stray to South Carolina.; Stray [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	August - November; multiple generations
Habitat	"Pine barrens, short-grass prairies."
Habitat	"Open areas with low vegetation, openings in forests, meadows, dunes, gardens, vacant lots. Adults probably cannot survive extended cold winters, and it is nccessary for migrants to colonize most of the U.S. and se. Canada each year."
Non-Habitat	120-130 mm.
Non-Habitat	Males apparently fly in the canopy of the forest.
Habitat	butterfly of mesic forest; Adults fly continuously along roadsides and riparian corridors and in damp meadows
Habitat	"Sunny flats and slope in mountains.  Adults spend much time at flowers such as  dogbane, mountain snowbush, and orange milkweed."
Non-Habitat	70-90 mm.
Habitat	"Damp deciduous woods, usually near streams or marshes; mixed transition zone woodlands."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly.
Habitat	"Dry desert canyons, weedy areas along streams and rivers, subtropical scrub.Males perch on vegetation within a few inches of the ground."
Non-Habitat	usually flies up and settles down again nearby.
Non-Habitat	"Flight swift, but often fluttering to appear like a Milkweed butterfly"
Habitat	"Open areas, including meadows, fields, deserts, suburbs, and prairies.Males patrol on flats or hilltops when available."
Non-Habitat	55-60 mm
Habitat	Wooded swamps.
Habitat	Atlantic White-cedar swamps and associated barrens.
Non-Habitat	The Heteropterinae is a small subfamily with a characteristic ‘hopping’ flight.
Non-Habitat	Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	44-55 mm
Habitat	Hardwood hammocks in s. Fla.; river forests in seasonally dry tropics.
Habitat	"Wet meadows, marshes, and bogs."
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Non-Habitat	The female lays an egg on the leaf upperside at the apex. 
Non-Habitat	Restless flier
Habitat	"[image]Although rare or disappearing in the Northeast, in the West they are spreading into disturbed and agricultural areas.Open areas with low vegetation in or near marshes, bogs, wet meadows, and seeps."
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, including meadows, sand barrens, hillsides."
Habitat	Moist meadows.
Non-Habitat	Confined to Cuba. Known best from the mountains near Guantanamo from November to February. RANGE and TL: Cuba.
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	Strong gliding flight
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	"Intermountain West, prairies, and plains prairies, open weedy areas"
Habitat	"In tropics, seen especially at mid-elevation forests."
Non-Habitat	"March - November; multiple generations;  In mild years, it might survive thewinter along extreme southern coastal portions ofSouth Carolina, but is typically a seasonal colonist.;  It is oneof several migratory species in the Southeast. Duringthe fall, adults migrate southward in large numbersand overwinter in southern portions of Florida."
Non-Habitat	"The mountains of Siberia (Russian Federation), Mongolia and north China, mountains of N.-E. Kazakhstan."
Non-Habitat	"will frequentlyalight on damp mud, vibrating its wings as it quenches its thirst."
Non-Habitat	slow floating flight.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on upperside of hostleaves
Habitat	"Tropical forests, especially river valleys."
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	"Slow, sailing fluttering flight at lower level of tree canopy"
Habitat	best sought at liverwort beds 
Non-Habitat	Fw 18-20 mm
Habitat	" open, sunny areas near woodlands includingforest clearings and margins, roadsides, fallow agricultural land, pastures, old fields and gardens;  Encountered in open habitats bordering woodlands, it readily ventures into nearbygardens in search of nectar."
Non-Habitat	"The larva rests on the leaf upperside, and feeds on the other leaves nearby during nighttime. "
Non-Habitat	40-55 mm
Non-Habitat	FWL: 11-13mm
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River. 
Habitat	" woodlands, forest clearings and margins"
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Habitat	"Aspen groves, meadows, openings in woods near streams."
Habitat	" The moun tain subspecies is most commonly encountered in alpine meadows, but it is seen occasionally in clearings in the subalpine and dry montane forests."
Non-Habitat	"Males of this species perch from morning to noon, making frequent furious sorties intercepting and fighting with other males, even those of other species."
Non-Habitat	"1.0-1.7"" (2.5-4.3 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Butterflies of this genus have a very slow flight.
Habitat	Openings in sandy pinewoods or pine barrens.
Non-Habitat	37-45 mm
Non-Habitat	20-28mm
Habitat	Mountainous foothills in w. U.S. Some populations along sand bars of rivers leading east from Rocky Mts. into Great Plains.
Non-Habitat	"April - Early July; single generation;  On the wing in late spring or earlysummer, it has but one generation each year.;  The fully grown larvae overwinter in a similar shelter at the base of the host grass clump and pupate thefollowing spring."
Habitat	"Several, including coastal salt-spray meadows, open montane conifer forests, and sagebrush flats."
Non-Habitat	Widespread. Range has expanded to Victoria and South Australia (at least since the 1970s).
Non-Habitat	Both male and female fly slowly
Non-Habitat	"Larvae roll and tie leaves to form shelters. The young larva lives within a shelter until a white waxy flocculent covers the body, after which the larva is said to abandon the rolled leaf shelter and live fully exposed on the leaf surface (perhaps a bird dropping mimic)."
Non-Habitat	"The female does not oviposit directly on the foodplant, but lays the egg one by one on nearby dead grasses and gravels. The total number of eggs laid by a single female over a long period must be numerous."
Non-Habitat	strong on the wing
Non-Habitat	38-54 mm
Habitat	"Openings in riparian woods, marshes, nearby fields and edges, wooded ravines in prairies."
Habitat	Tropical scrub and associated openings and edges.
Non-Habitat	Larvae construct individual leaf shelters on the host.
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid in batches
Non-Habitat	Resident breeder but migrates elsewhere
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Habitat	"Males perch, either in openings or on promontories"
Habitat	"Open areas in  or near woods, often near streams."
Habitat	"Coppers are especially dominant in north temperate regions, blues are richest in the Old World tropics and north temperate zone, and hairstreaks are particularly abundant and diverse in the New World tropics."
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Non-Habitat	Flies slowly. 
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread, excluding Cisaltai plain; require confirmation forEast Tuva"
Habitat	"Openings in riparian woods, marshes, nearby fields and edges, wooded ravines in prairies."
Habitat	"In tropics, seen especially at mid-elevation forests."
Non-Habitat	65-90 mm
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Spruce bogs in taiga, wet coniferous woods."
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and e. U.S.
Habitat	"River woods, wooded swamps, city parks, and other wooded situations. Migrants may be found in virtually any location."
Non-Habitat	80-100 mm.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 26-30mm
Habitat	"Mesquite woodland, oak-pinyon scrub, open Ponderosa pine woodland.Males establish perches on low vegetation on ridgetop clearings."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	"Stray [to the Carolinas]; During years with population outbreaks, thisnorthland butterfly periodically emigrates to moresouthern locations, it should be considered a rare strayto North Carolina."
Habitat	"Mesquite thorn scrub, town gardens, and waste areas"
Non-Habitat	The flight is light and dancing.
Non-Habitat	79-97 mm
Non-Habitat	28-34 mm
Non-Habitat	The flight is not as strong as that of C. antevippe but stronger than that of C. evagore.
Non-Habitat	28-35 mm
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Habitat	Woods edges and clearings near swamps and rivers.
Non-Habitat	48-68 mm
Non-Habitat	Adults are most commonly encountered from November to April.
Non-Habitat	 The colorful larvaeconstruct individual shelters on the host by tying oneor more leaves together with silk.
Habitat	"Open woodlands and fields, gardens, and hillsides near woodlands."
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Habitat	Bogs or wet tundra.
Non-Habitat	"The behaviour of this species is similar to that of other members of the genus, where males of O. laronia perch from morning to noon, making frequent furious sorties intercepting and fighting with other males, even those of other species."
Non-Habitat	[image] lay eggs in the spring
Non-Habitat	"Resident [to the Carolinas];  This rare hairstreak is a denizen of Atlanticwhite cedar swamps and adjacent woodlands. Oncecommon along the outer Coastal Plain, much of thisbutterfly's freshwater wetland habitat has already disappeared due to extensive logging, fire suppression,hydrologic alteration, and unabated coastal development. As a result, Hessel's Hairstreak now occurs inisolated, highly localized colonies in  often widelyspaced pockets of remnant habitat."
Habitat	"Mesquite and thorn woodland roadside verges, streambeds."
Non-Habitat	70-102 mm
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread, excluding west and north-west parts."
Non-Habitat	"species is rare generally, but D. Sands (pers. commm., 1983) noted that it can be very common at times in its localities"
Non-Habitat	"Has a different flight from the two West African species of this genus, which have a bounding flight."
Habitat	Males [of S. callippe] patrol hilltops awaiting females; other Speyeria males patrol meadows and hillsides.
Habitat	"A wide variety of open, sunny situations with suilable host plants."
Habitat	Adult males take up perches in late afternoon — often on promontories or in the lee of large trees.
Non-Habitat	34-42 mm
Habitat	"Streamcourses, woodland glades, city parks, swamp forests. Migrants are seen in a  wide variety of habitats."
Non-Habitat	Larvae of many species are bizarre in form and color and often have stinging hairs.
Non-Habitat	" 0.75-1.00"" (1.9-2.5 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Kamuhima, Masisi; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Mafuga"
Non-Habitat	"The genus is probably aposematic. In some tests conducted by Swynnerton birds consistently rejected several Mylothris (Carpenter 1941). Certainly other Pierids seem to mimic them (Belenois, Appias, and Dixeia)."
Habitat	"Roadsides, wood edges, trails, etc."
Habitat	"Usually restricted to saltbush flats.Arid canyons, alkali flats."
Non-Habitat	83-120 mm.
Non-Habitat	38-48 mm
Habitat	Mixed forest in mountain valleys and alpine tundra.
Habitat	"Open, grassy fields, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"1.6-2.0"" (4.1-5.1 cm)"
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, flower gardens, irrigation levees, usually in low, moist areas.Males perch close to the ground in swales or open weedy areas."
Habitat	"Moist mountain forests and associated openings.Adults perch in forest openings or along ravines, unlike other family members."
Non-Habitat	"Typically flies quite high up, coming down to visit flowers at the edges of forests, along paths and in gardens. Males often disperse widely from theirforest habitats. "
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a rapid, darting flight."
Non-Habitat	deceptive flight
Habitat	"Deciduous broad-leaf forest or mixed evergreen forest, associated edges, and clearings."
Non-Habitat	"Drink from moist sand, or may be observed feeding from flowers."
Non-Habitat	Eggs are dropped into host plant clumps
Non-Habitat	"Underside: Pattern somewhat cryptic, leaflike,"
Non-Habitat	FWL: 25-28 mm
Habitat	"The males of our species patrol open, sunny habitats in search of receptive females, although males of some tropical whites, e.g. Leodonta, perch along ravines."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	"Edges and openings in  barrens, wooded swamps, etc."
Habitat	"Deciduous forest openings and edges, prairie copses, acid barrens, swamp woods, etc."
Habitat	Shrubby fields and second growth in  seasonally dry tropical lowlands.
Non-Habitat	The newly hatched larva rests on the leaf underside
Non-Habitat	28mm
Non-Habitat	22-26 mm (7/8-1 inch)
Non-Habitat	Each larva constructs a shelter formed from a leaf rolled and tied by silken threads.
Non-Habitat	40-60 mm.
Habitat	Open subtropical scrub.
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a quick,erratic flight and are often quite wary."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	bog species
Non-Habitat	"They are usually seen wandering down forest paths with an effortless, but nonetheless quite fast, flight."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	"found only in native prairie or prairie remnants where the bunch grasses that are the larval host plants grow.All the species depend upon the presence of adequate stands of the larval host plants. These are bunch grasses, big blue-stem (Andropogon gerardi), and little bluestem (Schizachyrium scoparium). Both sexes remain within their local habitat, rarely venturing far, except to find nectar."
Habitat	Found in weedy areas and gardens.
Non-Habitat	"always flying in direct sunshinevery fast, sailing flight and may fly close to the ground or over the forest canopy"
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	"Brackish river marshes, abandoned rice paddies"
Habitat	" rich, moist deciduous mountain woodlands,stream corridors, forested roads, clearings and adjacent open areas"
Habitat	" Should be watched for along sparsely vegetated slopes and valleys, especially in the Milk River Basin in southern Alberta."
Non-Habitat	May - Early September;  multiple generations
Non-Habitat	Said... to have a slow flight
Habitat	"Tropical thorn scrub, dry riverbeds, abandoned fields."
Non-Habitat	Flies fast but pauses often to visit flowers or bask. 
Non-Habitat	They feed from eucalypt flowers. 
Habitat	Tropical scrub and seasonal forest.
Habitat	[resricted to] upper margins of salt marshes along the coast
Habitat	" deciduous forests, clearings, riparian woodlands, woodland roads, forest edges, wetland andwatercourse margins, and adjacent open areas including suburban yards, parks and golf courses"
Habitat	Pine-Oak Barrens
Habitat	"Mountain meadows, moist prairie valleys.the one [species in the genus] most likely in high mountain habitats."
Non-Habitat	28-33 mm
Non-Habitat	This species is found in forests north of the Limpopo  River. 
Non-Habitat	May - November; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	" Adultshave a quick, darting flight and are fond of flowers."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	highly territorial and chases away intruders of any species
Habitat	All of our species are occasionally migratory or regularly change elevations.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"[male] C. Cordillera, Dominican Republic. "
Non-Habitat	39-46 mm. (1 1/2-1 3/4 inches)
Habitat	bog species
Habitat	"Residential areas, gardens where cannas are grown, and where they are imported and held for sale at nurseries. Because of the widespread use of these plants [canna (Canna spp.) and other plants in the family Marantaceae such as arrowroot (Thalia geniculata and T. dealbata)] in gardens far northof their natural range, temporary local populations occasionally occur in the northern regions."
Habitat	"[image]Although rare or disappearing in the Northeast, in the West they are spreading into disturbed and agricultural areas.Open areas with low vegetation in or near marshes, bogs, wet meadows, and seeps."
Non-Habitat	105-115 mm.
Habitat	"Stream edges, bogs, roadsides, open fields."
Non-Habitat	In general Percopinae exhibit mainly day flying characteristics wheras most Arctiinae are nocturnal. 
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Cisaltai plain, Salairsky Kryazh and Kuznetsky lowland (migrant). "
Non-Habitat	25-33 mm
Non-Habitat	Late April - Early June; single generation; 
Non-Habitat	This butterfly frequently settles on flowers. 
Habitat	"Low wet meadows/marshes, especially in river flood plains."
Habitat	Grassy areas near streams and marshes.
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	"When disturbed as I walked past, these skippers would fly from one tree-trunk to another, settling about 1.5m up, where they were well camouflaged and almost impossible to catch. When disturbed it normally plunges deep into dense vegetation."
Habitat	Shaded subtropical woods. Polxthrixes often perch upside-down under large leaves in the forest understory.
Non-Habitat	patrolling
Non-Habitat	"Females lay their eggs singly or in short stacks, often on plants adjacent to their true hosts,"
Habitat	"Wooded areas with trees infested with mistletoe: wooded swamps, oak woods, mesquite, etc."
Non-Habitat	settles on flowers
Non-Habitat	 Se. Canada and e. U.S.
Non-Habitat	24-27 mm
Non-Habitat	" 0.75-1.25"" (1.9-3.2 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread"
Non-Habitat	24-30 mm
Habitat	"Streamsides, river forests, small towns, and subdivisions."
Non-Habitat	"Most species are leafrollers; a few such as Codling Moth, are crop pests of commercial importance."
Non-Habitat	laid singly on or near host leaves
Habitat	Freshwater marshes or bogs.
Non-Habitat	Fw 16-20 mm
Habitat	Open scrub in desert and subtropics.
Non-Habitat	"This butterfly is found in the bush country or forest of Natal, Transvaal, Bechuanaland, and locally in Rhodesia and Moҫambique. From there it spreads to East Africa. "
Non-Habitat	"patrolling is  predominant in  the checkerspots and crescentspots, while perching or perching and patrolling is the rule for the remainder. Some of the strongest migrants are found among the lady butterflies, tortoiseshells, and anglewings, but most of the other species are local in their occurance."
Non-Habitat	"Often feed from flowers, such as Lantana."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	"The males of our species patrol open, sunny habitats in search of receptive females, although males of some tropical whites, e.g. Leodonta, perch along ravines."
Habitat	"Woodlands, usually deciduoos, near slow-moving or swampy streams."
Habitat	" The Rare Skipper is a large golden orangsbutterfly entirely restricted to brackish coastalmarshes. It occurs in small, highly localized and spoffVcolonies, but may be fairly common when encountered. A great many of its typical haunts are somewhatinaccessible to humans.;  brackish coastal marshes"
Habitat	"Gullies and stream bottoms, foothills in a wide variety of brushy and wooded habitats."
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	Adults fly in an erratic manner through the mid canopy.
Non-Habitat	 laid in short strings on host leaves
Non-Habitat	32-38 mm. (1 1/4-1 1/2 inches)
Non-Habitat	"During the rest of the day butterflies of this genus roost on tree-trunks where the underside provides good camouflage. In this position they are difficult to catch, slipping under the net around the trunk."
Habitat	"Open Leatherleaf bogs, margins of open black spruce bogs, Jack Pine and Lodgepole Pine forests."
Non-Habitat	May - October; multiple generations
Habitat	"Subtropical woods, city flower gardens."
Habitat	"Brushy edges of woods, rarely pastures."
Habitat	"[image] wet or moist areas where males can be seen perching prominantly within 3 feet of the ground.Damp or wet fields, marshes, prairies."
Non-Habitat	occasionally undertakes mass migrations.Migratory along Southeast coastlines.
Non-Habitat	62-84 mm
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu; Rwanda- Rugege; Tanzania- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi, Echuya, Mafuga"
Non-Habitat	June (late May) - July (August) according to altitude and locality. Univoltine.
Habitat	"Second-growth scrub, beach dunes, plantations in lowland tropical Amer."
Non-Habitat	Late February - Mid December;  single generation;
Habitat	" A butterfly of open, dry habitats, theDusted Skipper is uncommon and typically quite localized in occurrence; dry habitats including open woodlands, barrens,utility easements and old fields"
Habitat	"Abandoned fields, open pine woods, suburbs, tropical forest edge. Sea level to 2000 ft. (600 m)."
Habitat	"Open sunny areas: tundra, alpine meadows, taiga, forest openings in West."
Habitat	"Openings and fields in wet, rich forested valleys and mountainsides. Males wander to a wider range of habitats."
Habitat	"Usually open,sunny areas with host buckwheat, ranging from slightly above sea level to more than 11,000-ft. elevations, including coastal dunes, alpine fellfields, hills in sagebrush desert, desert canyons, etc."
Habitat	Wet areas near ponds and swamps.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 24-26 mm
Habitat	Stands of Jack Pine with young trees.
Non-Habitat	"The adult, when at rest, hides itself on fallen trees or fallen trees or dead leaves colored similar to itself. The overwintering larva...hides itself in fallen leaves at the basal area of the foodplant. "
Habitat	shale barrens scattered along the Appalachians
Non-Habitat	30-45 mm.
Non-Habitat	"Males are territorial, patrolling patches insearch of mates."
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Bukavu-Shabundo; Uganda- Bwindi, Mafuga"
Habitat	Overgrown citrus groves in s. Fla.
Habitat	"Tropical lowland forests,especially along rivers. Has strayed to lower Rio Grande Valley, Texas."
Non-Habitat	" 1.4-1.6"" (3.6-4.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"Europe, temperate part of Asia."
Non-Habitat	M. Rothschild & T. Reichstein recently established that one male stored sufficient cardiac glycosides to kill five cats!
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	"Moist, rich, deciduous woodland or mature mixed woods."
Habitat	Wet wooded situations adjacent to open areas.
Non-Habitat	" 1.9-2.4"" (4.8-6.1 cm)"
Habitat	"Rockfields, including rock slides… open rocky habitats usually above the timberline."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on the leaves ofhost
Non-Habitat	"Slow, but straight fluttering flight, usually not more than 3 to 5 meters above the ground"
Habitat	"Brushy old fields, pastures, clearings in forests, headlands."
Non-Habitat	Strong dipping flight
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	Butterflies of this genus are slow-flying. 
Non-Habitat	Several eggs are laid together in a leaf rolled by a certain leaf-cut weevil (Attelabidae) just as in other congeneric species. 
Habitat	"May be incredibly abundant in freshwater marshes and ditches.Wet open areas, ditches, marshes, sluggish streams."
Habitat	"Brushy old fields, fringes of bogs, open areas near small streams."
Habitat	Flower gardens in Texas; fields and wood edges in tropics.
Habitat	"Usually marshes, bogs, sandy oak barrens, dry open or wooded hillsides."
Habitat	Waste areas.
Habitat	"They occur in a variety of habitats, even in highly urban areas."
Habitat	Streams and shady areas within seasonal tropical forest or scrub. Males are also found at stream edges sipping moisture.
Non-Habitat	will come to light in small to moderate numbers
Habitat	"Taiga, open grasslands, fens, and open sphagnum bogs."
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Tropical scrub; Lemon groves in s. Texas.
Non-Habitat	85-110 mm.
Habitat	"Open, sunny areas in a variety of  tropical plant formations. Migrants almost anywhere,"
Habitat	"Many open habitats, open fields, lawns, road edges, rights of vvay; clover fields."
Habitat	Oak woods or scrub and adjacent edges or fields.
Non-Habitat	Resident Visitor [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 13-14 mm
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Habitat	"Streamcourses and associated flats and slopes in a wide variety of habitats, including sagebrush, oak woodland, chaparral, and mixed coniferous woods."
Non-Habitat	Late August - November;  multiple generations
Habitat	"Second-growth scrub, forest edges."
Non-Habitat	Males are often territorial. 
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, oldfields, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	 They avidly visit availableflowers
Habitat	" open wet meadows in sandhills; An inhabitant of moist, open meadows with fewtrees,"
Non-Habitat	60-75 mm.
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larva lives on the leaf underside until 4th instar, and the mature larva often moves to a stem of another foodplant or a plant nearby for a stable site."
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Non-Habitat	Resident Visitor [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Most coppers are found in sunny, open habitats throughout the temperate zone,"
Habitat	"Small clearings in tropical woodlands, city flower gardens, wood edges."
Habitat	"Primarily coastal salt marshes, dunes, also open sites such as fields and gardens. Migrants appear in a variety of open habitats."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host twigs or flower buds
Habitat	"Weedy areas, roadsides, gardens."
Habitat	Tropical woods.
Habitat	"Except for arctic and prairie species, the butterflies are usually found in  woodlands, often those associated with streams or swamps."
Non-Habitat	Fw 11 mm
Habitat	"Sagebrush flats, prairies, mountain summits."
Non-Habitat	"fast, erratic fliers"
Habitat	Moist areas near shaded wood edges.
Habitat	"Pastures, brushy fields, roadsides, wooded trails."
Habitat	Wet tundra with dwarf willows.
Non-Habitat	"0.75-1.25"" (1.9-3.2 cm)"
Habitat	"[image] In the afternoon, males perch on shrubs or low tree branches, often their host hackberry, and await receptive females.River forests and thorn scrub."
Non-Habitat	cryptic underside 
Habitat	Grassy areas near streams and marshes.
Non-Habitat	"This species is probably found in Northern Transvaal, as well as in Mashonaland, Moҫambique, and Central Africa. "
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies… are the primary stronghold for the Regal Fritillary
Non-Habitat	It preferentially flies over will-illuminated places.
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	"[image]Males often perch and patrol along streambeds.Streambeds, drywashes in sagebrush-juniper woodland, sometimes oak or mixed-conifer woodland."
Non-Habitat	"C. Olory caught dozens at two locations in Okwangwo (Butatong and Boggo) in late January and early February 1996, indicating an outbreak and a possible migration. In East Africa mass migrations are regularly seen, with more modest ones in southern Africa."
Habitat	Edge of woods with dense undergrowth along Rio Grande.
Habitat	richest in tropical habitats throughout the world
Non-Habitat	fast-flying butterfly which frequently settles onflowers; renowned for its migratory powers
Non-Habitat	" 1.3-2.1"" (3.3-5.3 cm)"
Habitat	Often seen during daytime along wooded trails
Habitat	Deciduous or mixed woods — often found along dirt  roads or open ridgetops.
Habitat	" moist woodlands, forest edges, roadsideditches, along canals and ponds, wetlands and gardens; Males frequently perch on low vegetation or on the ground in sunlit locations."
Habitat	"Open, weedy areas, pastures, vacant lots, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	76-82 mm
Non-Habitat	The eggs are laid on fresh leaves in clusters with an average of 30 eggs in each.
Non-Habitat	migrate south in the fall and return in the spring.
Non-Habitat	"From the 1st instar to the 3rd, the larva live on the leaf underside, and is dark green in color. From the 4th instar onwards, the larva changes its color to brown as shown in the plate, and makes a silken pad on the upperside of a foodplant leaf, on which it rests when not feeding. "
Habitat	"Lightly disturbed areas, scrub."
Habitat	"A variety of woods or edges with evergreen or deciduous oaks, oak hammocks in Deep South"
Habitat	short-grass prairie
Habitat	Limited to high elevations of several mountain ranges in s. Calif.Barren flats with colonies of host plant.
Habitat	"Parks, roadsides, hedgerows."
Non-Habitat	" 1.00-1.25"" (2.5-3.2 cm)"
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, roadsides, pastures, marshes, and similar situations."
Habitat	"Coppers are especially dominant in north temperate regions, blues are richest in the Old World tropics and north temperate zone, and hairstreaks are particularly abundant and diverse in the New World tropics."
Habitat	Edges of brushy fields and open forest.
Habitat	Male Pahaska Skippers perch on hilltops or knolls
Non-Habitat	25-30 mm
Non-Habitat	" 1.3-1.7"" (3.3-4.3 cm)"
Habitat	"Open, sunny areas in a variety of  tropical plant formations. Migrants almost anywhere,"
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Gulches and small ravines in open woodlands and grasslands.
Non-Habitat	"Flight fluttering, close to the ground"
Non-Habitat	29-35 mm
Habitat	"Sphagnum bogs, sedge bogs."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly low to the ground among grasses.
Habitat	"Seasonally dry scrub, forest edges, pastures."
Non-Habitat	"Significant numbers participated in a large mixed migration in Lagos in late May 1967 (Larsen 1968), but it is not usually an active migrant."
Habitat	"Open deciduous woods and scrub, especially along streams, open fields, and many others."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Late February - Late October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	Early March - Mid November;  multiple generations
Habitat	"Oak woodland, coniferous forest, etc."
Habitat	Openings in Canadian zone forests.Freshly emerged males congregate at  wet spots adjacent to streams and lakes.
Habitat	"Coastal dunes, pinewoods."
Habitat	Pine-Oak Barrens
Non-Habitat	slow-flying
Non-Habitat	flies actively about 4m above the ground
Habitat	" open, sunny sites including roadsides, pastures,old fields, wet meadows and utility easements closeto wooded sites"
Non-Habitat	Early March - June; single generation;  Larvae construct individual leaf sheltersand overwinter inside.
Habitat	Salt or brackish marshes.
Non-Habitat	Swift flier
Non-Habitat	"For oviposition, young leaves and unfolding buds are selected, and a single egg is laid at a time. "
Habitat	In the West the species is found in most boreal wooded habitats south to cen. Calif.Open boreal woodland near stream courses
Non-Habitat	30-38 mm
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Open areas, brushy fields, open woods, roadsides, forest margins.The aggressive and territorial males perch on low vegetation in clearings and along forest edges, darting out at passing insects that might be conspecific females.Males have beenobserved ""puddling"" at damp sites."
Habitat	Edge of woods with dense undergrowth along Rio Grande.
Non-Habitat	"The male flies erratically in dimly-lit forested areas. Although it may cross roads, it soon flies away rapidly from open places."
Non-Habitat	"Once in Bossematié, Côte d’Ivoire I saw three males battling at great speed in a small open space deep inside the forest, almost managing to stay in physical contact despite the speed, staying 1.5 metres above the ground."
Habitat	"Thoug characteristic of hardwood forests, Mourning Cloaks can be found in almost any habitat including woodlands, fields, suburbs, and downtown Manhattan!To some extent, migrates south in fall, especially along the beaches."
Non-Habitat	Late March-Mid June
Habitat	"Open, brushy fields,barrens, prairie hills.Males are usually found patrolling and perching on ridgetops."
Non-Habitat	The boldly mottled underside must render the butterfly very difficult to see when at rest; the tree Trema micrantha on which it feeds and within the rolled-up leaves of which it commonly lives.
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Habitat	"Woods edges and clearings near swamps and rivers, suburban gardens."
Habitat	Wet tropical forests.
Habitat	[resricted to] upper margins of salt marshes along the coast
Habitat	"Open areas along trails through tropical and subtropical forests, brush, and associated edges."
Habitat	"Low areas in lower austral and subtropical zones, including dry washes, pine forests, open fields, roadsides, and many other habitats."
Habitat	Open areas or edges in or near seasonally dry tropical forest or scrub
Non-Habitat	" drinking from flowers. Males fly gracefully, often pausing to visit flowers, and can be found on damp patches alongroads or trails,"
Habitat	It frequents mixed grass prairie and valleys and coulees in the drier regions. Hilltops and crests with very short grass appear to be favoured areas
Habitat	Prairie ravines and canyon bottoms in  a  wide variety of brushy or wootled habitats.
Non-Habitat	19-32 mm
Non-Habitat	wideranging
Non-Habitat	"The female lays an egg on the leaf upperside or a new unfolding bud, and the unfolding bud"
Non-Habitat	"adults have a low, erraticflight and scurry quickly around,"
Habitat	"[image] Males perch and patrol on hilltops or along ridges to seek females.  Subtropical scrub, desert foothills, limestone ridges."
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	A. g. hartonia... is very fast on the wing
Habitat	especially in the arctic and higher mountains.
Non-Habitat	55-66 mm
Non-Habitat	"All of the speices of Eurytides, especially the kite swallowtails, are capable of fast flight, and most species exhibit a marked seasonality"
Non-Habitat	22-29 mm
Non-Habitat	"Theclinae... are swift and elusive on the wing, tending to fly high and to settle out of reach"
Non-Habitat	65-85 mm.
Habitat	"[image] Male perching on leaf along small streamWoodlands, usually deciduous, near slow-moving or swampy streams.Adults are usually found near woolly aphid colonies;"
Habitat	"The adults are found in marshes and swamps, or along slow-moving streams and ditches."
Non-Habitat	34-37 mm
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	FWL: 18-20 mm
Habitat	Males of our species perch and patrol in  open habitats
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Non-Habitat	"Uganda (National endemic)- Kibale, Semliki"
Non-Habitat	Juny - August; two generations
Habitat	"Oak woodland, oak-pine woodland. Males perch in openings on hilltops or along stream banks."
Non-Habitat	"Adults often feed from flowers, especially Pimelea."
Non-Habitat	29-36 mm
Habitat	Tropical woodlands.
Non-Habitat	"robust, fast-flying butterflies."
Habitat	Openings in subtropical forest.
Habitat	Moist areas along stream courses.
Habitat	Oak groves and stream valleys.
Habitat	"Usually in woods, along woodland edges, or by streams and rivers."
Habitat	"Arid brushlands — especially with sagebrush, dunes, pine or pine-Juniper woodland with grassy openings."
Habitat	"Pastures, brushy fields, roadsides, wooded trails."
Habitat	"Open areas with low vegetation, openings in forests, meadows, dunes, gardens, vacant lots. Adults probably cannot survive extended cold winters, and it is nccessary for migrants to colonize most of the U.S. and se. Canada each year."
Non-Habitat	50-60 mm.
Habitat	"Wooded hills, prairie valleys."
Non-Habitat	They nectar from a variety of early season flowersincluding host blossoms.
Habitat	Edges and openings in semideciduous tropical river forests.
Habitat	"Marshes and swamps where the larval food plants grow. Wet meadows at the edge of the zone where the sedge meadow meets the stands of cattails. Males patrol with a slow bouncing Flight through grasses and sedges.Limited to marshes, swamps, andwetlands."
Non-Habitat	Both sexes are very fast fliers
Non-Habitat	40-54 mm. (1 9/16-2 1/8 inches)
Habitat	Subtropical scrub and desert.
Non-Habitat	Strong flier
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	species flies along roads
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	 The lovely tawny-orange Pearl Crescent isour most widespread and abundant crescent.; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	" 1.4-1.7"" (3.6-4.3 cm)"
Habitat	"Damp subalpine streamsides, acid bogs, taiga."
Non-Habitat	25 mm
Non-Habitat	32-38 mm
Non-Habitat	"Adult larvae tends to fly on warm, sunny days. "
Habitat	Subtropical scrub.
Habitat	"A species of urban forests and woodlands, as well as forests"
Non-Habitat	"Very common, but variable"
Habitat	"Dry, sunny slopes and ravines with host-plant colonies.The inter-mountain high desert range"
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	70-80 mm
Non-Habitat	38-52 mm
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"Adults usually fly slowly and erratically, but if disturbed they may fly very rapidly; when settled, the wings are held outspread. Males tend to patrol along particular flight paths. Females are usually observed fluttering around the food plant, or feeding from flowers with wings vibrating. During courtship the male hovers above the female with rapid beating of the wings."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 21mm
Non-Habitat	24-26 mm
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larvae move to the leaf underside, and several gather side by side when at rest. Also in the 2nd instar, the larvae remain gregarious on the leaf underside. "
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-16mm
Habitat	"Desert grassland, pinyon-junipcr woodland."
Habitat	"s. Va. (mountains). Moist, open areas: prairie swales, streams, marshes, woods edges."
Non-Habitat	"Late March - Late November; multiple generations; Late-season adults overwinterin reproductive diapause;  The Sleepy Orange isa frequent garden visitor, and is most abundant in latesummer and fall. "
Non-Habitat	66-96 mm
Habitat	"Open, sunny, weedy environments."
Non-Habitat	80-110 mm.
Habitat	Pine-palmelto scrub or its edges.
Non-Habitat	22-27 mm
Habitat	"Shaded, subtropical hardwood hammocks and adjacent open areas, botanical gardens with ornamental cycads."
Non-Habitat	55-65 mm.
Non-Habitat	34-40 mm
Non-Habitat	They feed from flowers of Pimelea and Dasypogon. 
Habitat	"Calif. lowlands and Coast Range foothillsFoothill canyons and washes, usually in oak woodland.Male Pacific Orangetips usually patrol along streams and valley bottoms in search of females. Males of other species patrol hillsides or ridges."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	Foothill streamcourses and ravines.
Non-Habitat	"Underside pale greenish, leaf-patterned"
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-17mm
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larva eats a semicircle on a leaf, and rests within it. Pupation takes place in a folded leaf"
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Wooded swamps with cane.
Non-Habitat	Swift flier
Habitat	"typically in hot dry places—on cliff's or inrocky canyons, sometimes in chaparral or grassland, and oftenalong roadsides."
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Habitat	" wet meadows, stream margins, pastures andother open areas near moist woodlands"
Habitat	"Desert washes, foothill ravines, gardens, alfalfa fields, and other open, generally arid locales.Males perch along dry washes or adjacent flats, periodically flying back and forth."
Habitat	Forest edges.
Non-Habitat	0-35 mm
Non-Habitat	[male] Haiti.
Habitat	"Roadsides, wood edges, trails, etc."
Non-Habitat	35-40 mm
Habitat	"Wide variety of open habitats, alfalfa fields, lawns, gardens, fields, deserts, prairies, foothills, and mountain meadows."
Habitat	Woodland edges and trails near streams.
Non-Habitat	Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Nyamununye; Rwanda- Unspecified locality
Non-Habitat	Resident [of the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	April - August; single generation
Non-Habitat	" This small dark skipper has an extremelylimited range in our area, being restricted to theextreme western tip of South Carolina; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	Open subtropical scrub.
Non-Habitat	" 4.0-5.0"" (10.2-12.7 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid on broad-leaf plants not used by the larvae, but adjacent to grasses that are larval hosts."
Non-Habitat	"Early July - Mid November; multiple generations. Unlike most butterflies, the Zebra Longwing is extremely long-lived and may survive for several months. "
Non-Habitat	48-64 mm
Habitat	Native tall-grass prairies.
Habitat	"Open grassy areas with nectar sources, including suburban habitats and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"[female] Mt Isabella, Dominican Republic, 1000 ft. June. "
Habitat	"Dry open hillsides, thorn scrub, prairies."
Habitat	Hills and mountains in a  wide variety of habitats.
Non-Habitat	The flight of this genus is fast and always low down.
Non-Habitat	Fw 25-28 mm
Non-Habitat	"The eggs are laid singly on upper parts of foodplants, usually where they protrude above surrounding vegetation. In Britain, females prefer to lay eggs in light scrub or in the edges of sunny woodland rides. They rarely lay in very open areas and never fly into dense shade."
Non-Habitat	Adults have a moderately slow flight and erraticallyscurry from ground level to canopy height moving justover the surface of the vegetation. 
Habitat	"Open, sunny situations —open fields, dunes, roadsides, thorn scrub.[image] Male Common Buckeyes often perch and patrol along dirt roads, bare open areas, and sand dunes. …They may occasionally participate in migrations- often along caostlines."
Habitat	"The species occurs along trails, roadsides, woodland edges, and forest openings. It is also found in sandy and rocky areas.Males may congregate in numbers on damp soil. Mate seeking is by males perching on vegetation in sunny spots, awaiting the appearance of receptive females.Adults take moisture from damp soil"
Habitat	"Open areas along trails through tropical and subtropical forests, brush, and associated edges."
Non-Habitat	flies high around trees
Non-Habitat	May-Early July
Habitat	Black Spruce—tamarack bogs.
Habitat	Tropical woods or scrub and associated edges.
Non-Habitat	"Hopping flight, but faster than the rest of the Arguses"
Habitat	Subarctic forest openings and arctic tundra.
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid one by one on the underside of a leaf of the foodplant growing in a forest margin or on a well-lit flat terrain.
Habitat	Most are inhabitants of woodland and field edges. 
Habitat	[image] Adults are usually found along the ground in various forests.Woodlands.
Non-Habitat	underside looks just like a dead oak leaf
Habitat	Oak groves and stream valleys.
Habitat	"Canyons, pine woodlands, sagebrush flats."
Non-Habitat	It flies actively over treetops
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is a strong flyer and frequently settles on exposed leaves. 
Habitat	Trails and woods edges.
Habitat	" rich, moist deciduous woodlands, forest clearings and margins, stream corridors, parks and yards;  It is seldom found far from stands of its larval hosts."
Non-Habitat	"April - Late November; multiple generations, overwinters as adult"
Non-Habitat	25-29mm
Habitat	"Open thorn scrub, washes, gulches, flower gardens"
Non-Habitat	[image] the striped caterpillars blend well while eating
Non-Habitat	Mid May - July. Univoltine.
Habitat	"Dry open areas,including weedy fields, sandy coastal flats, and hillsides."
Non-Habitat	Larvae pupate under stones at the foot of the host-plants
Non-Habitat	Confined to the West Indies in two subspecies
Non-Habitat	"seldom, if ever, common"
Non-Habitat	 Males oftenjoin other azures at mud puddles or stream banks tosip moisture.
Non-Habitat	"The flight is higher above the ground than that of C. galenus, and because of its large size the flight seems slower."
Habitat	"[image] much more likely to be found in native grasslands and prairies than its close relative, the Crossline Skipper. Lawns, pastures, vacant lots, prairie swales."
Non-Habitat	 Primarily restricted to the Atlantic CoastalPlain; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	26-34 mm
Habitat	" open sites including roadsides, coastal dunes,salt marshes, vacant fields, agricultural land"
Habitat	Oak Woodland
Habitat	[image] This is a widespread skipper of tall- and midgrass prairies. It is an excellent indicator of undisturbed prairie conditions. Tall-grass prairie.
Non-Habitat	The males… periodically patrol back and forth.
Habitat	Seasonal forest or scrub in tropical lowlands.
Habitat	"Black Spruce bogs, pine woods."
Non-Habitat	"Females oviposit on oaks, usually on the smaller saplings. Species selected include a variety of both red oak and white oak species."
Non-Habitat	"...seen darting low over short turf, stopping frequently to bask on bare ground"
Habitat	"Black spruce or tamarack bogs, occasionally lodgepole pine forests."
Non-Habitat	"Our two commonest species, the Question Mark (Polygonia interrogationis) and the Eastern Comma (P. comma)  migrate south in the fall and return in the spring."
Non-Habitat	"its small size, generally slow, low flight"
Non-Habitat	22-26 mm (7/8-1 inch)
Habitat	"Moist areas near streams, marshes, swales."
Non-Habitat	41-50 mm
Non-Habitat	The larvae construct individual shelters onthe host by tying leaves together with silk.
Non-Habitat	"This species seem to have some migratory capacity. The males of this species perch and fight with much aggression, almost too fast for the human eye to follow them, yet managing to stay in physical contact much of the time."
Non-Habitat	"Year round; two generations; : The Eastern Comma survives the winter asan adult, hibernating in log piles, tree hollows or evenwithin manmade structures. Once warm weatherreturns, they become active and reproduce, with theresulting generation flying in early summer."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Mt Muhi
Habitat	Grassy areas in and above wet tundra.
Non-Habitat	39-48 mm
Non-Habitat	Not rare
Non-Habitat	"The Common Large Fox shares habits with R. galatia, where the flight characteristics of R. galatia are as follows: R. galatia males perch about one metre above the ground and seem to need a large area in which to undertake furious display sorties from the perch. When this, the next, and some Osmodes are common a small clearing can be full of whizzing and fighting yellow and orange shapes."
Non-Habitat	females spend much of their time feeding on flowers.
Habitat	" open, deciduous woodlands, forest edges, roadsides, old fields and utility easements and gardens;  Adults ofthis small dusty blue butterfly are found in and alongwoodlands but readily venture out into nearby openareas in search of nectar and frequently wander Intosuburban gardens.  Unlike most other blues, they are oftenencountered fluttering high among the branches oftrees and shrubs. Males often congregate at dampground."
Habitat	"Most common in disturbed open areas, especially in dry, sandy, grassy fields."
Habitat	Open sunny places in a variety of tropical plant formations. Migrants almost anywhere.
Habitat	"Openings in tropical forests, wood edges, city flower gardens."
Habitat	"Forest edges, city gardens."
Non-Habitat	"1.75-2.25"" (4.4-5.7 cm)"
Non-Habitat	[image] the young caterpillars feed shoulder to shoulder in large groups.
Habitat	"A variety of woods or edges with evergreen or deciduous oaks, oak hammocks in Deep South"
Non-Habitat	 S Canada and ne. U.S.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	Rolled leaves tied with silk shelter larvae and pupae.
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Non-Habitat	 the Orange-barred Sulphur is a largeyellow butterfly with a strong and rapid flight.
Habitat	[image] Adults are more often found in forests than in open fields.Open pastures and edges of seasonally dry tropical forests.
Habitat	Grassy areas in thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	[image] Every evening the adults fly to locations where they form clusters for protection overnight
Non-Habitat	larva emit a powerful odor
Habitat	"Open areas or edges in or near deserts, seasonally dry tropical forest, or scrub."
Non-Habitat	18-20mm
Habitat	"The males of our species patrol open, sunny habitats in search of receptive females, although males of some tropical whites, e.g. Leodonta, perch along ravines."
Non-Habitat	40-45 mm
Habitat	"haDry rocky ravines, wood edges, yards, gardens."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	" 2.0-2.6"" (5.1-6.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	40-52 mm
Habitat	Canebreaks in dense southern woodlands.
Non-Habitat	94-109 mm
Habitat	"Oak forests, roadsides, openings, trails, open woodland, old fields, near woodlands.Males perch during the day waiting for conspecific females. The site selected may be a branch or twig a foot or so above ground level.Adults often take moisture from damp soil."
Non-Habitat	Must recolonize northern portions of range each spring and summer.
Non-Habitat	50-66 mm
Non-Habitat	"Russian Federation (S.-E. Siberia and S. Far East), C. and E. Mongolia, N. China and Korea."
Non-Habitat	19-23mm
Non-Habitat	55-65 mm.
Habitat	"Males of Pahaska Skipper perch on hilltops, Foothills with short-grass prairie, open pine forest."
Habitat	"Mesquite woodland, oak-pinyon scrub, open Ponderosa pine woodland.Males establish perches on low vegetation on ridgetop clearings."
Non-Habitat	"The flight is lower down and weaker than in genera such as Rhabdomantis, Osmodes, and Xanthodisca."
Habitat	"Open waste areas, roadsides, and weedy pastures."
Habitat	"Pine barrens, short-grass prairies."
Habitat	"Wet fields and meadows, streamcourses, and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	[caterpillar] Lives in folded leaf shelter.
Habitat	Coastal brackish and freshwater marshes.
Non-Habitat	The female lays 10-20 eggs collectively on the upperside of a foodplant leaf.
Non-Habitat	The larva...walks rapidly when in quest for food
Non-Habitat	Adults may be observed feeding from flowers.
Non-Habitat	21-25mm
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, pastures, fields."
Habitat	Wide range of tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	55-65 mm.
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Habitat	Tropical woods or scrub and associated edges.
Habitat	"Dry sandy or gravelly areas, usually near streambeds or alluvial washes."
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, including old fields, openings, prairie hills, barrens, and power-line rights of way."
Habitat	"Oak woodland, oak-pine woodland. Males perch in openings on hilltops or along stream banks."
Non-Habitat	65-75 mm.
Non-Habitat	114-120 mm
Habitat	Moist tundra.
Habitat	"Oak and pine-oak woodlands.The butterflies fly in broken shade and land on leaf litter or on the ground, where they are well camouflaged."
Non-Habitat	" Although widespread, the Coral Hairstreak isoften quite localized; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.4"" (2.5-3.6 cm)"
Habitat	Open areas in subtropical thorn forest.
Habitat	"Open, grassy areas: lawns, landfills, marshes, power-line rights of way."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Boga
Non-Habitat	FWL: 20-22 mm
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread; so far no record from Tuva"
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.4"" (2.5-3.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"This butterfly is endemic to Seychelles where it has been recorded on Mahé, St. Anne, Silhouette, Cousine and Aldabra Atoll. This butterfly may not be a permanent resident of Aldabra as there have been no records since 1907."
Non-Habitat	"The flight is usually slow and, especially that of the female; when coming to flowers she is an excellent mimic of Amauris damocles."
Non-Habitat	"The habits of this species are like those of A. buchholzi, where when disturbed as I walked past, A. buchholzi would fly from one tree-trunk to another, settling about 1.5m up."
Habitat	"Moist woodlands where the caterpillar foodplant is present.Males perch at ahout 3—4 ft., often on the hostplant, during the middle of the day."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"HABITAT: Wide variety of open, sunny areas — waste fields, prairies, pastures, etc."
Habitat	"River woods, wooded swamps, city parks, and other wooded situations. Migrants may be found in virtually any location."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Non-Habitat	The larva rests in the groove of a sedge leaf near the basal area of the plant with its head directed downward. The horns on the head of the pupa are bifurcated exceptionally widely in comparison with other congeneric species. 
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Habitat	"Dense riverside woods, dry woods, cities, etc."
Non-Habitat	82-114
Habitat	"Many open habitats, mountain meadows, open fields, prairies, alfalfa fields."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	22-26 mm
Habitat	"Open, grassy areas: fields, barrens, native prairies."
Non-Habitat	May - September; two or more generations
Non-Habitat	45-50 mm
Habitat	Tree-Iined canyons and small streams in mountains or foothills.
Habitat	"Woods edges and clearings near swamps and rivers, suburban gardens."
Non-Habitat	Late May-June
Habitat	"[image] wet or moist areas where males can be seen perching prominantly within 3 feet of the ground.Damp or wet fields, marshes, prairies."
Habitat	Males perch on rocks at the bottoms of ravines and coulees. This skipper seldom visits flowers. Associated with ravines and narrow coulees.
Non-Habitat	June-August
Habitat	"Deciduous broad-leaf forest or mixed evergreen forest, associated edges, and clearings."
Non-Habitat	26-32 mm
Habitat	"Thoug characteristic of hardwood forests, Mourning Cloaks can be found in almost any habitat including woodlands, fields, suburbs, and downtown Manhattan!To some extent, migrates south in fall, especially along the beaches."
Habitat	and can sometimes be seen fluttering above lily pads or other vegetation in ponds.
Habitat	"Open grassy areas with nectar sources, including suburban habitats and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"colonizes areas as far north as cen. Alta., s. Ont., and s. New England."
Non-Habitat	"The behaviour of this species is typical for the genus, where others of this genus can fly quite fast."
Non-Habitat	Flight low and erratic. Males patrol on flats.
Non-Habitat	26-33 mm
Non-Habitat	This subspecies is found in Seychelles. 
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest and pine forest.
Non-Habitat	Their flight is fast and erratic.
Habitat	"Meadows and open grassy or rocky areas, especially on Canadian Shield (a Precambrian formation)."
Habitat	Open areas near woods or scrub. Most likely to be found in city parks in Northeast.
Non-Habitat	much attracted to rotting fruit
Non-Habitat	28-32 mm
Non-Habitat	Has a slow but deceptive zig-zag flight close to the ground in open sunny places
Non-Habitat	24-26mm
Non-Habitat	"Flies fast, but also visits flowers"
Habitat	"open, disturbed sites including roadsides, pastures, utility easements, vacant fields, agricultural landand canal banks"
Habitat	"Deciduous forest openings and edges, prairie copses, acid barrens, swamp woods, etc."
Non-Habitat	30-38 mm
Non-Habitat	rests within a rolled-over leaf
Non-Habitat	[male] Grand Turk Island.
Habitat	"River forests, ravines, washes, and thorn scrub. Adult males perch on ground near hackberries or on branches."
Habitat	"Damp deciduous woods, usually near streams or marshes; mixed transition zone woodlands."
Habitat	found in densely forested swamps or along wooded streams. The males perch and patrol chiefly in the shade or in the open at dusk or on overcast days. They often rest on tree trunks.
Non-Habitat	30-35 mm (1 3/16-1 3/8 inches)
Habitat	"Open subtropical woods, edges."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a quick, low flight and dartaround erratically over the vegetation."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	"Males patrol at considerable speed, always low down. The Green-Mottled White is strongly migratory and might reach further south from time to time, though it could probably not breed there."
Habitat	"This duskywing is often found on ridgetops in  areas of scrub oak or cut-over oak woods.Oak or oak-pine scrub, barrens, open sandy or shaley soils."
Non-Habitat	It is a widespread butterfly throughoutthe Carolinas but occasionally goes through fluctuations in population numbers and abundance.; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Adults fly very rapidly close to the ground. 
Habitat	Oak thickets in foothills.
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid on panic-grasses (Panicum spp.). the larval host plants.
Non-Habitat	From experiences with jacamars it has been demonstrated that Perrhybris is unpalatable to these birds.
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	Rocky alpine slopes and ridges.
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is widespread throughout the Afrotropical and Oriental regions including the Indian Ocean islands. In Seychelles it is only recorded from Astove. So far it has only been recorded on Astove on 8 March 1967. As there are no other Seychelles records it is possible this species is not resident and may represent a straggler or an ephemeral population. 
Non-Habitat	35mm
Habitat	"Different populations occur in a variety of habitats, from woodland and canyon riparian to open grassland"
Habitat	Limited to high elevations of several mountain ranges in s. Calif.Barren flats with colonies of host plant.
Non-Habitat	"The habits of this butterfly are like those of A. buchholzi, where when disturbed as I walked past, A. buchholzi would fly from one tree-trunk to another, settling about 1.5m up, where they were well camouflaged and almost impossible to catch. When disturbed A. buchholzi normally plunges deep into dense vegetation."
Non-Habitat	Flying over canopies in forest margins and low trees
Non-Habitat	"Resident and migrantStrong flight, from dawn to dusk"
Non-Habitat	60-70 mm
Habitat	"Wide-ranging in open habitats. Woodland borders and opening, fields, gardens, meadows, etc.common in gardens"
Habitat	Some can be found indoors as adults and may been countered year-round.
Habitat	Streams and shady areas within tropical seasonal forest or scrub.
Habitat	"Woods near rivers, swamps, marshes, moist woods, etc."
Non-Habitat	Fw 24-26 mm
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	30-34 mm
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, beach dunes, second growth, pastures, etc."
Habitat	"Forest edges, usually in seasonaly dry tropical lowlands."
Habitat	"Males often perch on ridges and hilltops. Its distribution in Alberta coincides with the southern aspen parkland, mountains and foothills. Found in fescue grassland and in aspen parkland and foothills, often on ridge tops and hillsides. Can also be found in low elevation grasslands of the mountains."
Non-Habitat	[male] Jamaica. 
Non-Habitat	 It is a fast and powerful flier with apreference for open areas.
Non-Habitat	Temperate parts of Holarctics.
Non-Habitat	"Ova laid singly or in small batches on leaves, usually underside."
Non-Habitat	20-29mm
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid one by one on the leaf upperside or flower spike.
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.5"" {2.5-3.8 cm)"
Non-Habitat	FWL: 10-12mm
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, river woods, wooded swamps, brushy fields, edges."
Habitat	"Juniper, pinyon-juniper, and pinyon woodlands. Males patrol along hillsides and depressions; occasionally found along canyon bottoms or streams."
Habitat	"Fields, openings, edges in tropical lowlands and foothills."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Mongbwalu
Non-Habitat	" 0.8-1.1"" (2.0-2.8 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"Their flight is very rapid, and occasionally even against the wind. They show strong territorial behavior, and a few males may nimbly chase one another on hilltops. Murata (2001) heard fighting males crashing each other. Females visit hilltops just as the males...their flight is more sluggish and straighter than the males'. On reaching the hilltop, they circle there a few times, then fly away very soon. "
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly in the forest canopy and around the food plant. 
Non-Habitat	Females have an anal hair-tuft and hairs are deposited so that they cover the eggs.
Habitat	habitaT: I'reshwatcr and brackish marshes. Locallyabundant on coast.
Non-Habitat	18-25mm
Habitat	"Tropical hardwoods, roadsides, brushy fields, forest edges.Males take stations in brushy areas and along wooded edges to await passing females."
Habitat	shale barrens scattered along the Appalachians
Non-Habitat	"Caterpillars feed singly or communally, often at night or in folded leaf shelters."
Habitat	Mountainous foothills in w. U.S. Some populations along sand bars of rivers leading east from Rocky Mts. into Great Plains.
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Open conifer forests, alpine slopes, espe-cially along ridges.In the s. Rockies this is one of few biennial butterflies to occur as low as 6,500 ft. elevation, where almost all other butterflies have at least annual flights."
Non-Habitat	May - October; two generations
Non-Habitat	23-30 mm
Habitat	In Texas found along wooded canal levees.
Non-Habitat	24-27 mm
Habitat	Openings in sandy pinewoods or pine barrens.
Habitat	Males of our species perch and patrol in  open habitats
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	shale barrens scattered along the Appalachians
Habitat	"Tropical  hammocks,  river forests,  edges. The  adults  return  to the same  roost  night  after night."
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	23-30mm
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	"In December 1996 males of the species were cascading by the thousands down every track and road in Okomu Nature Sanctuary in Nigeria, with smaller numbers of Appias sabina. Clouds of butterflies surrounded every spot where passing pedestrians or animals had urinated, stopping for a while before continuing their relentless flight. There was no return flight."
Non-Habitat	Resident Visitor [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"The adult flies slowly over trees growing on sunny, well-lit mountain slopes."
Habitat	have their major populations limited to the pine scrub on Big Pine Key
Non-Habitat	18mm
Non-Habitat	 Adultsperch and feed
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies
Habitat	"Gullies and stream bottoms, foothills in a wide variety of brushy and wooded habitats."
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, fence rows, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	25-31 mm
Habitat	"Open areas, pine and oak barrens, along roadsides, disturbed areas, near woods, grassy hillsides."
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Non-Habitat	"The flight of the male is fast and ebullient, but the female spends her time weaving through the understory in search of host-plants. Small numbers participated in a mixed migration through Lagos in late May 1967 (Larsen 1968), but I have seen no other migration records."
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	"Open fields, roadsides, suburban areas. While migrating it can be anywhere, but strongly concentrates on the immediate coast and along river valleys.Millions of Monarchs from North America eventually overwinter in communal sites high in the fir-clad Mexican mountains."
Habitat	"Many open situations— fields, marshes, dunes, thorn scrub, gardens."
Non-Habitat	20-26mm
Non-Habitat	44-56 mm (1 3/4-2 1/4 inches).
Non-Habitat	"Eggs may be laid singly but are often clustered in groups, sometimes near the host or on an adjacent plant."
Non-Habitat	39-47 mm
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Habitat	"Well-drained sandy or gravelly flats or gently sloping meadows, usually near streambed or alluvial washes,"
Habitat	"Many kinds of open, weedy habitats: cities and suburbs, gardens, mountain meadows, streamsides, desert washes road edges, etc."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on twigs or buds of host
Non-Habitat	Fw 24-27 mm
Non-Habitat	" The butterfly has a low, skipping flight and quickly darts along trails or clearingsoccasionally stopping to nectar"
Habitat	"Shaded tupelo swamps in south, partially shaded marshes and ditches in Midwest."
Non-Habitat	"The larva bites the petiole of a pinnate  compound leaf of the foodplant to wither the leaf; on the crinkled leaf it spins a silken pad, on which it hides itself when at rest. The larva, in fine camouflage to a withered leaf, is difficult to find."
Habitat	"Fields, edges, or openings with small to medium pines."
Non-Habitat	Tanzania (National endemic)- Tubira
Non-Habitat	" 1.5-2.0"" (3.8-5.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Adults fly powerfully and erratically; they rarely stop to settle except when feeding or drinking. Males hilltop and rapidly patrol the canopy. 
Non-Habitat	45-49 mm
Non-Habitat	"Three of the African species are known to migrate, with most records for A. epaphia, followed by A. sabina, but there seem to be no regular movements."
Habitat	Several species bore into commercial fruit trees.
Non-Habitat	"Visitor [to the Carolinas]; The Painted Lady, a resident of northernMexico, annually colonizes much of North Americaeach summer. In the Carolinas, its occurrence is sporadic with populations that vary from year to year; it isseldom very common."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Most species are found in wooded habitats.
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Habitat	"Desert thorn scrub, open waste areas."
Non-Habitat	76-100 mm
Non-Habitat	Highly migratory.
Non-Habitat	"The habits of this butterfly are the same as for S. spio, where S. spio flies about with a rapid flight low down."
Non-Habitat	18-22 mm
Habitat	"Lightly disturbed areas, scrub."
Non-Habitat	The flight is much slower and mostly higher above the ground than the Colotis.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 18-19 mm
Habitat	"Coniferous or mixed woods often near streams. Wanders to many other habitats, including alpine tundra, towns, plains river woods, and prairies."
Habitat	"Weedy fields, roadsides, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	65-75 mm
Non-Habitat	"In early May 2001, on a mountainous locality in Sichuan, China, the author found many larvae of this species in the 3rd, 4th, and 5th instars from a single nest on a foodplant.  The larvae aggregated in the nest with little gap from one another, and it was very difficult to take them out without damaging some of them. Pupation takes place on a twig of the foodplant. "
Non-Habitat	"Females lay eggs in small batches in the leaf sheaths of grasses, tending to select sheaths that are compact and tightly furled. "
Habitat	" open, disturbed sites including wet ditches,roadsides, pond edges, old fields and gardens"
Habitat	Arctic Tundra.
Non-Habitat	"The males of this species perch about one metre above the ground and seem to need a large area in which to undertake furious display sorties from the perch. When this, the next, and some Osmodes are common a small clearing can be full of whizzing and fighting yellow and orange shapes."
Habitat	"Roadsides, gardens, open woods, brushy areas, disturbed areas. Likely to be found almost anywhere."
Non-Habitat	"Migration, sometimes in large numbers, is frequent."
Habitat	"marsh skipper.Boggy marshes, wet meadows"
Habitat	Open woods or forest edges.
Non-Habitat	Resident and migrant
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Openings in tropical forests, wood edges, city flower gardens."
Non-Habitat	"Oviposition was observed around 3-4 o'clock in the afternoon. The observed female flew slowly around the foodplantabout 6m above ground level, and perched on a leaf 2-3m above ground level to lay eggs, one at a time, on the underside of the leaf. Although there were several other plants of the same species nearby, the female did not approach them. The total number of eggs observed being laid was 14. Further search revealed additional 7 eggs to be collected."
Habitat	"Fields, edges, or openings with small to medium pines."
Habitat	Openings  and  edges  of mid-elevation   evergreen   forests   in   tropics;   known   from   several habitats in Tex.
Habitat	"Sagebrush flats, prairies, mountain summits."
Habitat	"Tropical forests, especially near stream courses."
Habitat	[image]This is the only Chlosyne likely to be found on rock slides above timberline.Alpine rockslides and scree slopes.Adults nectar above and below rock slides.
Non-Habitat	August - November; multiple generations
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Habitat	Northeastern swamps
Non-Habitat	18-27mm
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	found in most tropical regionsFreshly emerged males gather in groups at moist sand along rivers and streams.
Non-Habitat	" Adults flutterabout with quick, somewhat erratic flight usually lowto the ground."
Non-Habitat	"A perching .species, the male darts out at passing insects in expectance of a receptive female. It often returns to the same perch if unsuccessful."
Non-Habitat	20-26mm
Non-Habitat	24-28 mm
Non-Habitat	March - September; multiple generations
Habitat	Not reported.
Non-Habitat	75-100 mm.
Habitat	"Disturbed areas in several tropical zones, from sea level to 2000 m."
Habitat	"Moist woodlands and edges, alpine tundra."
Non-Habitat	 Both sexes visit a variety of early springflowers and readily nectar on their larval hosts.
Habitat	Woods.
Habitat	Lowland scrub and seasonally dry foreat edges. Various open habitats during emigrations.
Non-Habitat	several [species] are distasteful
Habitat	"Open Leatherleaf bogs, margins of open black spruce bogs, Jack Pine and Lodgepole Pine forests."
Habitat	Wet areas near ponds and swamps.
Habitat	Oak groves and stream valleys.
Non-Habitat	 laid in clusters on host
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas] 
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	" The Harvesterhas a fast, erratic flight reminiscent of most hairstreaksand can be a challenge to follow."
Non-Habitat	Females do not oviposit in shady sites.Females oviposit on lupines (Lupinus spp.) in the midwestern Great Lakes area.
Habitat	"Moist pastures, marshes, wet areas near woods.Local and altitudinal movements are not well understoodMales establish perches on hilltops where available."
Habitat	prairies dominated by Sawgrass (Cladium jamaicensis)… are the only habitat where one may find the Palatka Skipper
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground among grasses along forest tracks.
Habitat	Clearings or edges in wet or swampy woods.
Non-Habitat	" 0.90-1.25"" (2.3-3.2 cm)"
Habitat	"Sparse, open woods."
Habitat	Openings in pine forests.
Non-Habitat	This species is very widespread in forests north of the Limpopo River.
Non-Habitat	" 1.4—1.6"" (3.6—4.1 cm)"
Habitat	"Lowland tropical forests, usually deciduous or semideciduous. Sea level to 1000 ft. (300 m)."
Habitat	Males perch on hilltops or in glades
Non-Habitat	"Throughout the West Indies. The Bahamas and Cuba are populated by the migratory North American subspecies plexippus. In Hispaniola, Porto Rico, Jamaica, the Cayman Islands and the Lesser Antilles, though with a good deal of overlapping, the sedentary subspecies megalippe Huebner 1819 replaces it. ...The Jamaican population is typical of this subspecies. In Porto Rico... a proportion of the population [is] (subspecies portoricensis Clark 1941); and in the Lesser Antilles females often have a grey-brown or pale grey upperside ground colour ([female]-f. leucogyne Butler 1884) though the males are indistinguishable from normal megalippe... RANGE: Canada to Argentina; Australia, New Zealand, E. Indies; Canary Islands; W. Europe as vagrant. TL: Pennsylvania, U.S.A."
Non-Habitat	"The flight is a series of rather weak bounds, rarely high above the grass, and often inside the tall grasses."
Non-Habitat	27-31 mm
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid singly on foodplants growing in warm positions, next to either bare ground or short vegetation. They may be highly concentrated and ideal plants can contain over 20 eggs."
Non-Habitat	A. neander and A. gander are among the few skippers known to be migratory and may then appear in masses.
Non-Habitat	85-120 mm.
Non-Habitat	70-80mm
Non-Habitat	40-52 mm
Non-Habitat	[male] Cuba
Habitat	"Parks, roadsides, hedgerows."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	April - July; single generation
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground among dense swards of the food plant and other grasses in sunlit areas. Males appear to patrol the breeding habitat in search of females.
Non-Habitat	 Adults feedprimarily on aphid honeydew and rarely visit flowers.
Habitat	"Moist tundra, subalpine meadows in valley bottoms."
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.3"" (2.5-3.3 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Two very different species of this genus are found in Southern Africa.
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	Va. (mountains)Ravines or gullies in rich deciduous or mixed woods or their edges.
Non-Habitat	June-August
Non-Habitat	"Flight swift, close to the ground"
Non-Habitat	"This butterfly is found in the Malagasy subregion. Its distribution includes Madagascar and Seychelles, where it has been recorded on Cosmoledo Atoll. It was incorrectly listed as occurring on the granitic islands in previously published works (Lawrence 2010). This butterfly appears to have a sporadic distribution within Seychelles, most likely represented by vagrants from Madagascar. This taxon has been erroneously listed as occurring on Reunion (Legrand 1965) and Mauritius (Williams 2007). Although unconfirmed, arbogastes may also occur on Mayotte in the Comoros (Turlin 1995). Despite the sporadic occurrence of this butterfly in Seychelles, it is widespread on Madagascar. "
Non-Habitat	43-64 mm
Non-Habitat	" Males have a strong, rapidflight and frequently perch on low vegetation."
Non-Habitat	"Active butterflies, they flutter about, often stopping at wildflowers for nectar."
Non-Habitat	April - November; two generations
Non-Habitat	25-35mm
Non-Habitat	"Two generations are completed annually near Sydney; usually only one generation in the highlands of se. Australia and Tasmania. Habitat includes lowland and upland rain forest on the coast and mountains of the Great Dividing Range in Queensland and New South Wales; subalpine woodland in Australian Capital Territory and the Snowy Mountains, New South Wales; eucalypt tall open-forest in moist gullies in Victoria and Tasmania. Local."
Non-Habitat	This species generally flies lower down.
Habitat	Lowland palmetto scrub.
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Habitat	"Sphagnum bogs, sedge bogs."
Habitat	"Pastures, brushy fields, roadsides, wooded trails."
Non-Habitat	Flight. Univoltine; late June - August.
Habitat	"Moist tundra, subalpine meadows in valley bottoms."
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River. 
Non-Habitat	"The adult flies very slowly. After flying 1-2m above the ground level for short distances, it rests on a leaf very soon. In both male and female in flight, the bluish purple luster on the wing upperside does not show up greatly, but looks almost black. "
Habitat	"Roadsides, overgrown fields, wood edges, trails in  hardwood hammocks."
Non-Habitat	" 4.5-5.5"" (11.4-14.0 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Adults fly only in strong sunshine
Habitat	Seasonally dry subtropical woodland and thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	Several generations completed annually. 
Non-Habitat	39-51 mm
Habitat	Oak woodlands.
Habitat	Arid situations.
Habitat	"Open grassy fields, pastures, roadsides."
Habitat	"Open woods, parks, vicinity of rivers."
Non-Habitat	flies rapidly
Non-Habitat	64-76 mm
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, including old fields, openings, prairie hills, barrens, and power-line rights of way."
Non-Habitat	"Adults frequently feed from flowers, including Grewia, Rostellularia, and Spermacoce."
Habitat	Sedge swamps.
Habitat	"Tall-grass prairie in Midwest, edges of coastal marshes along Atlantic Coast."
Non-Habitat	30 mm
Non-Habitat	56-74 mm
Habitat	They are found in semitropical and tropical habitats throughout the world.
Non-Habitat	" Adults have slow, graceful flight."
Habitat	They are common in midsized woodlands and larger gardens.
Habitat	Near oaks.
Habitat	"Freshly emerged males of patrolling butterflies often taken moisture at sandy or muddy spots near streams or trails.Glades in woods in east, open fields and thorn scrub in west. Sea level to 5000 ft.(1500 m)."
Non-Habitat	65-75 mm.
Habitat	Open grassy areas In wide variety of settings.
Habitat	"Open sunny areas, including lawns,fields, levees, etc."
Non-Habitat	The newly hatched larva hides among fallen or dead leaves.
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	Late May - Early November; multiple generations
Habitat	"Clearings in river forest, overgrown orchards, weedy areas near houses.Adults roost under leaves at night."
Non-Habitat	"Females lay eggs in strings of up to seven or so, an unusual trait for skippers that mostly lay eggs singly"
Habitat	"Deciduous woods, bogs, open fields, open subarctic slopes and tundra."
Habitat	"Upland pastures, openings in coniferous woods, and bogs."
Habitat	Open scrub in desert and subtropics.
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, deserts, thorn scrub, pastures, fields."
Non-Habitat	Flight is strong and fast.
Habitat	"Open disturbed situations, brushy fields, wood edges, gardens."
Non-Habitat	laid singly or in small groups on top of eachother on host leaves
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly rapidly over the ground and around the food plant, within about 1 m, and rarely settle."
Non-Habitat	 Males perchon low vegetation in sunlit sites and readily puddle atmoist ground.
Non-Habitat	" Unlike most satyrs, it isan opportunistic feeder and frequently visits flowersalong with sap flows and fermenting fruit."
Non-Habitat	"Low flight, close to the ground"
Non-Habitat	". Males perch, actively darting at passing butterflies in their search for receptive conspecific females."
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid singly on the leaf upperside
Habitat	"Glades, wood edges,or by streams."
Habitat	limited to hardwood hammocks.
Non-Habitat	" laid singly on host leaves, buds, developing fruits and catkins"
Habitat	"Arid foothills, slopes, and scrubby flats.The males perch and interact on tops of shrubs and small trees on hilltops and ridges."
Non-Habitat	70-80 mm.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves or buddingbranches
Non-Habitat	28-32 mm
Habitat	Often found on evening primrose flowers during daytime.
Non-Habitat	The early instar larva...hangs leaf pieces with silk and rests on the silken pad located at the leaf tip.  The 5th (last) instar...hides in fallen leaves on the ground during winter. 
Habitat	"[image] A common butterfly of tall-grass prairie.Moist priries, mountain pastures, barrens."
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid one by one around leaf scars and basal areas of dormant buds on small twigs.
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	Resident and migrant
Habitat	"Usually found in birch-dominated woodlands along dirt roads, open paths, or clearings"
Habitat	Open subtropical scrub.
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	Oak woodlands.
Habitat	Atlantic White-cedar swamps and associated barrens.
Non-Habitat	"Tanzania (National endemic)- Chala, Mbizi"
Habitat	"Open woods and edges, power-line rights of way, wooded swamps, open fields."
Non-Habitat	" In someareas of Norway it is in decline and in Sweden is most prevalentin the south. It was found in Denmark south of Viborg in declining numbers until 1955. Now it has disappeared from the islands and is found only in E.Jylland and farther north. It hasincreased enormously in numbers since 1965 and during thepast few years has reached Vendsyssel. It is found in great numbers in small, isolated oak brush in Himmerland. Crataegi hasalways been known for having especially abundant years, butthis recent increase is a genuine expansion and signifiesa particularly rapid and exceptional advance among Danishbutterflies.; it can be extremely abundant."
Non-Habitat	often found fluttering around bushes in flower. Appears to move in small numbers across drylands.
Habitat	"inhabit woodlands, fields, and gardens. "
Habitat	"Coniferous forests, oak-juniper woodlands, and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	laid in clusters on host leaves
Habitat	Lowland tropical forests with a  distinct dry season.
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"s. Va. (mountains).Moist open areas: prairie swales, streamsides, marshes."
Non-Habitat	Air currents are often exploited in aiding flight. Males sometimes 'hilltop.'
Habitat	Open oak woodland and grasslands.Males seen in w. Tex. and s. Ariz. perching on hilltops awaiting the arrival of receptive females.
Non-Habitat	75-100 mm
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, fields, orchards, second growth."
Non-Habitat	Males of many species patrol incessantly along roads and clearings and females entering the patrol areas are quickly mated. Both sexes come to flowers and continue to flutter their wings while the long probosces probe the flowers.
Non-Habitat	"From Balkans through temperate parts of E. Europe and Asia to Transbaikalia, Mongolia and China."
Habitat	"[image]Although rare or disappearing in the Northeast, in the West they are spreading into disturbed and agricultural areas.Open areas with low vegetation in or near marshes, bogs, wet meadows, and seeps."
Habitat	"Many open habitats, open fields, lawns, road edges, rights of vvay; clover fields."
Non-Habitat	26-30 mm
Non-Habitat	22-30 mm
Habitat	Most genera are tropical.
Non-Habitat	Females have been observed laying their eggs on the food plant.
Habitat	"Ravines, canyons, roadsides."
Habitat	Arctic tundra.
Habitat	"On or near scrub oaks in sand barrens, shale barrens, limestone ridges, and similar open areas."
Habitat	Tropical woodland and scrub in Mex.; hardwood hammocks in s. Fla. Strays may be found in a wide variety of habitats.
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	"3.5-4.0"" (8.9-10.2 cm)"
Habitat	Arctic tundra.
Non-Habitat	"In flight this species looks much like a sphingid moth, but it would usually settle for a few seconds and was then unmistakable."
Habitat	Subtropical scrub and thorn forest.
Habitat	Brackish Sawgrass marsh.
Non-Habitat	This butterfly occasionally succumbs to the lure of flowers. 
Habitat	"Prairies, open ridges, edges of agricultural areas, and ditches.Males perch and patrol hilltops"
Non-Habitat	unique to Jamaica
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	Readily settle on flowering bushes
Habitat	"Mexican highlands (7,000-8,000 ft.)Oak woodland.Males of this rarely observed skipper are usually found perching on hilltops."
Habitat	Openings in western Jack or Lodgepole pine forests.
Habitat	"Many open habitats, mountain meadows, open fields, prairies, alfalfa fields."
Habitat	"Brushy edges and openings in woods, rarely pastures."
Habitat	Trails and light gaps in wet forest
Habitat	"males of some tropical whites, e.g. Leodonta, perch along ravines."
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Habitat	Tundra and willow bogs in taiga.
Habitat	"Moist, rich, deciduous woodland or mature mixed woods."
Habitat	"Deciduous woods, bogs, open fields, open subarctic slopes and tundra."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on twigs; eggs overwinter
Habitat	" woodland margins, wet meadows, stream margins;   itis a butterfly of wet habitats preferring moist meadows, forest glades, and stream corridors.; The adults are not strongly restricted towet sites and often wander extensively into nearbyhabitats in search of nectar."
Habitat	"Small clearings in tropical woodlands, city flower gardens, wood edges.Males perch on bare projecting twigs and branches."
Habitat	short-grass prairie
Habitat	"Mesquite thorn scrub, town gardens, and waste areas"
Habitat	"Open, weedy fields in seasonal lowland tropics."
Habitat	Open moist tundra.Adults land in open gravelly patches amidst grassy slopes or flats in wet areas.
Non-Habitat	22-30 mm (7/8-1 3/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	The really vigorous knids have a flight almost like that of the Humming Birds.
Non-Habitat	" As its name suggests, the NorthernCrescent is primanly a northern species It rangessouthward through the Appalachian Mountains intonearby Virginia and West Virginia. North Carolina specimens represent the presence of small, isolatedcolonies or rare strays.; Stray [to the Carolinas]"
Habitat	"Rich Canadian and transition zone woods, aspen parklands."
Non-Habitat	"Three of the African species are known to migrate, with most records for A. epaphia, followed by A. sabina, but there seem to be no regular movements."
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched 1st-instar larva rests on the leaf underside, although from the 2nd instar onward the larva is found on the leaf upperside. Usually pupation takes place on the leaf underside of the foodplant tree. Sometimes, however, it takes place on some other object, e.g. the wall of a building-nearby, and such a pupa often turns brown."
Habitat	"Edges of damp woods or bogs, light gaps along streams, city parks."
Non-Habitat	14-19mm
Non-Habitat	23-28 mm (7/8-1 1/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	Univoltine. Late May - mid July according to altitude and locality.
Non-Habitat	 It is a rare stray or occasional temporary colonistin the Carolines and is seldom encountered in largenumbers. Stray [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Damp wooded areas, along trails and paths, edges, and nearby open areas. Gardens and parks. males taking positions several meters above ground on vegetation in open areas of wooded localities."
Habitat	"Ga. mountainsMoist meadows and pastures, dry rocky ridges"
Non-Habitat	May - June. Univoltine. Apparent second brood at lowland and southern parts in July - August. 
Habitat	"Desert washes, low ridges, openings in moist thorn scrub."
Habitat	"Wetlands including acid bogs, and dwarf willow seeps."
Non-Habitat	"As they are swift and vigorous fliers, they cannot be easily captured."
Non-Habitat	50-72 mm
Non-Habitat	The Striped Policeman is a strong flier. 
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a weak, darting flightand skim quickly over low vegetation stopping nowand then to perch on available leaves or grass blades."
Habitat	Open fields and pastures in  tropical lowlands.
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a quick, somewhat erratic flight and frequently alight on low vegetation with their wings open."
Non-Habitat	"Four subfamilies are recognised worldwide, with the Coliadinae and Pierinae occurring in Seychelles. "
Habitat	Open woods and wood edges.
Non-Habitat	32-34 mm
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid singly on host plant leaves, usually those of Crotons (goatweed, for example)."
Habitat	"Desert washes, foothill ravines, gardens, alfalfa fields, and other open, generally arid locales.Males perch along dry washes or adjacent flats, periodically flying back and forth."
Habitat	"Open and scrubby areas — dry meadows, power-line rights of way, prairie hills, upland barrens, etc."
Habitat	The adults are found near colonies of their hosts
Habitat	"[image] adults spend most of their time perching on or near Bearberry, also called Kinnikinnick, a matlike shrub.Sunny glades in barrens, dunes, forest edges, rocks ridges."
Non-Habitat	Fw 17-19 mm
Non-Habitat	19-27mm
Non-Habitat	The red coloration suggests that the caterpillar is distasteful.
Non-Habitat	If disturbed they may fly rapidly.
Non-Habitat	The flight is slower and more sailing than that of G. policenes and – also because of the size difference – the two can often be told apart in flight.
Non-Habitat	49-55 mm
Habitat	"Any type of open or lightly wooded terrain, especially gardens, roadsides, and agricultural lands. Also present in urban areas."
Non-Habitat	25-36mm
Habitat	"Second growth or scrub habitats in tropical lowlands. Vacates seasonally dry habitats, and large migrations have been seen in the tropics"
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, oldfields, pastures, roadsides."
Habitat	"Brushy old fields, clearings, pastures, headlands."
Habitat	"Males patrol on flats.Open, relatively dry areas, often weedy; pastures, sandy lots, railroad beds."
Non-Habitat	March - November; multiple generations
Habitat	"Woodlands near streams and rivers, wooded suburbs."
Non-Habitat	The striped larvae feed onplants in the Milkweed family from which theysequester toxic chemicals that render them and theresulting adults distasteful to certain predators. Theadult butterflies advertise this unpalatability in dramaticfashion with their bold orange and black coloration.
Non-Habitat	laid in clusters on host leaves
Non-Habitat	" Like other Satarupa spp., the larva makes a triangular cut on a foodplant leaf, and folds it to make a nest. As the larva grows, a few leaves are spun together with silk to make a large nest. Pupation also takes place therein. "
Habitat	Woods.
Non-Habitat	caerpillars… feeding primarily at night.
Non-Habitat	"The larva, from the 2nd instar onwards, shows a habit of covering its body with minute hairs growing on the young foodplant leaves"
Non-Habitat	 laid singly or in small clusters
Non-Habitat	50-55 mm
Non-Habitat	"Of the three recognised extant subfamilies (i.e. Papilioninae, Parnassiinae and Baroniinae), the Papilioninae are the most diverse. The Baroniinae are represented by one species restricted to SW Mexico. The Parnassiinae comprise approximately 50 species and are confined to the Holarctic region. A fourth subfamily, the Praepapilionae, which are now extinct, consisted of two species from North America. The swallowtail butterflies are poorly represented in Seychelles, with only two species attributed to these islands. One, the endemic Papilio phobanta nana is now extinct, and the other, Papilio dardanus recorded as a single sighting only. The nireus group of swallowtail butterflies is well represented in the Malagasy subregion where it has speciated into five endemic species. "
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Habitat	"Open grassy areas in scrub woodland, flower gardens, irrigation levees."
Habitat	Openings and glades in subarctic woodlands[image] Found in sunlit openings in forests or along streams.
Non-Habitat	35-56 mm
Habitat	"Coastal dunes, pinewoods, old fields"
Habitat	limited to acid bogs
Habitat	"Prairies, barrens, old fields."
Habitat	Stream valleys in  seasonal semideciduous dry  forest. Usually found at flowers.
Habitat	Clearings or edges in wet or swampy woods.
Habitat	richest in the tropics
Non-Habitat	found only in Cuba
Habitat	Dense woods with cane growth.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-17 mm
Habitat	A local species of forests.
Non-Habitat	Powerful flier
Habitat	"The species inhabits wooded areas, along forest edges, trails, roadsides, and forest openings. It is associated with oak forests and favors scrub oak barrens where the larval hosts arc found (Quercus spp.). Upland prairie and sandy areas with scattered oaks also attract the species.males take stations on plant stalks and twigs where they wait for receptive females. Both sexes often bask, with wings wide-spread, in sunny spots on the ground or on vegetationAdults frequent damp soils on roads and paths for moisture."
Habitat	"Prairie hills, rocky ridgetops."
Habitat	limited to acid bogs
Habitat	"Slopes and summits of hills in dry virgin prairie, tundra."
Non-Habitat	May - October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	29-37 mm
Habitat	"Dry desert canyons, weedy areas along streams and rivers, subtropical scrub.Males perch on vegetation within a few inches of the ground."
Non-Habitat	May - July; single generation
Habitat	Tropical woodlands.
Habitat	"Open woods, parks, vicinity of rivers."
Habitat	"Dry sandy fields, roadsides, old fields, rights of way."
Non-Habitat	April - September; two or three generations
Habitat	"Edge of woods, forest clearings and glades, open trails and powercuts, brushy fields, and open areas near woods.The perching site is within a few feet from the ground in a sunny spot, often on a twig or other exposed site."
Habitat	Streams and shady areas within tropical seasonal forest or scrub.
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Shady, wooded areas near small streams leading into swamps."
Non-Habitat	"extremely local in its occurrence, being occasional where it flies. However, it is likely that the species will eventually be found to range more extensively throughout mainland PNG. "
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, river woods, wooded swamps, brushy fields, edges."
Habitat	The males perch on low vegetation and periodically patrol back and forth.
Habitat	Rock slides and rocky ridges.
Non-Habitat	70-86 mm
Habitat	"Pinewoods, coastal swamps."
Non-Habitat	32-35 mm
Habitat	"HABITAT: Wet fields, marshes,tall-grass prairie."
Habitat	Woods or brushy areas.
Habitat	prairieNative tall-grass prairies.
Habitat	"[image] Limited to native tall-grass praires, often in reserves where it is threatened by overuse of fire by well-meaning conservationists.Native, tall-grass prairie."
Non-Habitat	The flight period is primarily from November to March. 
Non-Habitat	65-70 mm.
Habitat	"Moist woodlands where the caterpillar foodplant is present.Males perch at ahout 3—4 ft., often on the hostplant, during the middle of the day."
Non-Habitat	28-30 mm
Habitat	Open headlands and low hills with heath vegetation.
Habitat	"Limited byhabitat, it typically occurs in isolated, localized coloniesin close proximity to undisturbed stands of its larvalhosts.;  pine flatwoods, sandhills and barrens"
Non-Habitat	30-39 mm (1 3/16-1 1/2 inches)
Habitat	"The European Skipper can be found in relatively moist, grassy areas, notably hayfields and roadsides."
Habitat	"Small stream valleys amid shale, serpentine, or limestone barrens."
Habitat	"Fields, openings, edges in tropical lowlands and foothills."
Habitat	"[image] In the afternoon, males perch on shrubs or low tree branches, often their host hackberry, and await receptive females.River forests and thorn scrub."
Habitat	Stream valleys with dry scrub or scattered forest.
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, quick and often directedflight but frequently stop to nectar"
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Grassy alpine slopes, tundra, taiga, and subarctic bogs."
Habitat	"Open sunny fields, flats."
Habitat	"Coastal dunes, pinewoods, old fields"
Habitat	"Dry open areas,including weedy fields, sandy coastal flats, and hillsides."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground near the food plant. Females are less active and usually fly closer to the ground.
Habitat	"City flower gardens, lakes formed from cut-off river oxbows, canals, fields."
Habitat	"Overgrown fields, coastal hammocks, edges."
Non-Habitat	"2a [male], 2b [female] Roche Croix, Haiti, 5000 ft. October."
Habitat	"This skipper of subtropical and tropical habitats often strays northward where it dies out with the arrival of freezing winters.Open, sunny areas including lawns, fields, levees, etc."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 18mm
Habitat	"Tropical forests, especially river valleys."
Habitat	Males… are found along gullies and stream courses
Non-Habitat	22-30mm
Habitat	Open fields and pastures in  tropical lowlands.
Non-Habitat	"On the wing this species if similar to A. caesar, where A. caesar flits from leaf to leaf and is infuriatingly difficult to catch."
Non-Habitat	"occasional generally, but may be common to abundant locally...Besides H. pythias this is the most common species of its genus in PNG."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly rapidly during the morning, usually close to the ground, and bask in sunlight with wings widely expanded."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on leaves; prefers new growth
Non-Habitat	"Flight swift, dragonfly-like hovering, and even when settled vibrates wings rapidly"
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Non-Habitat	" rare generally, but may be common locally, especially on Mount Kaindi"
Habitat	found only in tidal freshwater or brackish marshes near the mouths of large rivers.
Habitat	"Ridges with open pine, pine-juniper, or oak-juniper woodland. Males perch on hilltops to await receptive mates. Males will occasionally fly to valley bottoms to  seek moisture at  wet spots."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	"Lowland forest edges, valley bottoms."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15 mm
Non-Habitat	" 3.0-3.5"" (7.6-8.9 cm)"
Non-Habitat	The eggs were found on bifurcation points and leaf scars on a well spread low side branch about 3m above ground level of a tree about 8m high. 
Habitat	Acid bogs with cranberries and other low heath family plants.
Non-Habitat	April - Early November; multiple generations
Habitat	Most are inhabitants of woodland and field edges. 
Habitat	Open glades or ridges (or artificial power-line cuts) within limestone soil woodlands.
Non-Habitat	" laid on dead leaves below host;  Unlike mostother butterflies, female Red-banded Hairstreaks donot lay eggs directly on the larval host. Instead, theyland on the ground below appropriate hosts anddeposit the small eggs singly on underside of dead,fallen leaves or other debris."
Habitat	" moist semi-open woodlands, stream margins"
Non-Habitat	28—41 mm (1 I/I6-I 9/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	"Flutters weakly near ground,"
Habitat	" Infrequent and somewhat reclusive, the Gray Common occurs in small, highlylocalized colonies. It is most often encountered as asingle, isolated individual along woodland trails, clearings or roadsides.; deciduous woodlands, clearings, woodlandroads, forest edges and adjacent open brushy areas"
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, including old fields, openings, prairie hills, barrens, and power-line cuts.Populations along Rocky Mt. front in Mont., Wyo., and Colo. (subspecies rhena) are closely associated with remnant patches of big bluestem."
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Habitat	Woods edges and clearings near swamps and rivers.
Non-Habitat	" It scurries along the forestfloor with a quick, bobbing flight and periodically landson leaf litter or low vegetation."
Habitat	"Moist weedy fields, swamp edges, parks."
Habitat	"Streamsides, marshes, wooded suburbs."
Non-Habitat	The Obsolete White-Spots is a rather slower flying species than most Osmodes and stays closer to the ground.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Rockfields, including rock slides… open rocky habitats usually above the timberline."
Non-Habitat	24-26 mm
Non-Habitat	" 1.2-1.4"" (3.0-3.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	56-90 mm
Non-Habitat	this species lays 1-2 eggs in cracks on the bark and leaf scars on twigs at higher positions. 
Non-Habitat	FWL: 20-21 mm
Non-Habitat	"1.1-1.3"" (2.8-3.3 cm)"
Habitat	Openings and edges of subtropical hammocks: often found in nearby fields.
Habitat	"Primarily coastal salt marshes, dunes, also open sites such as fields and gardens. Migrants appear in a variety of open habitats."
Non-Habitat	flies in the lower space above ground and immediately settles underside of the leaves of the plants.
Habitat	" Primarily a tropical butterfly, it is a seasonal Carolines colonist and unable tosurvive freezing temperatures in any life stage.; marshes, pond edges, parks, gardens and various urban areas"
Non-Habitat	30-36 mm
Habitat	"Open spaces, including fields, meadows, roadsides, and coastal dunes."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	"In an observation made in the summer in the Nanling Mts., Guangdong, the female chose buds of a large larval foodplant growing on a wet rock for oviposition. "
Habitat	"This skipper of subtropical and tropical habitats often strays northward where it dies out with the arrival of freezing winters.Open, sunny areas including lawns, fields, levees, etc."
Non-Habitat	Very common
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid singly or in batches on twigs of small trees about 20cm above ground or shoots growing from larger stumps
Habitat	"Dense riverside woods, dry woods, cities, etc."
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	"The ovipositing female observed, taking ample time, formed a batch of some 80 eggs on the underside of a foodplant leaf. "
Non-Habitat	15-20mm
Non-Habitat	27-37 mm
Habitat	"Brushy edges and openings in woods, rarely pastures."
Habitat	"Grassy tundra, especially knolls or ridgetops."
Non-Habitat	deceptive flier
Habitat	Wood edges at low or midelevations.
Habitat	Edge of woods with dense undergrowth along Rio Grande.
Habitat	Shady tropical woods.
Non-Habitat	Slow flight
Non-Habitat	The flight ranges from ground level to the canopy.
Non-Habitat	26-36 mm (1-1 7/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	"They drink from dew drops and nectar of flowers, such as Lantana. "
Habitat	"Lowland tropical riparian forest, city parks."
Non-Habitat	This species is widespread.
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Non-Habitat	"A paulina occurs from India eastwards through Malaysia, the Philippines, Indonesia andNew Guinea, to northern and eastern Australia, New Caledonia and Vanuatu. A. p. ega is theform in Australia and the Pacific islandsReported from Espiritu Santo, Efate, Tanna and Futuna"
Habitat	Flower gardens; tropical scrub and forests.
Habitat	Most genera are tropical.
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Habitat	Edges of moist woodlands.Tropically oriented
Habitat	" mixed forests, wooded swamps, forest edges,suburban gardens, old fields;  It is fond ofwoodlands and waterways, but is equally at home inmore urban areas. A common and conspicuous gardenvisitor;  often soar high in the treetops"
Habitat	have their major populations limited to the pine scrub on Big Pine Key
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo- Rwenzori; Uganda- Mt Rwenzori
Non-Habitat	50-60 mm.
Non-Habitat	"The flight resembles that of G. latreillianus, looking lazy but actually making good progress."
Non-Habitat	deceptive flier
Habitat	"Males perch, either in openings or on promontories"
Habitat	may be found along the upper borders of southern salt marshes.
Habitat	"Moist pastures, marshes, wet areas near woods.Local and altitudinal movements are not well understoodMales establish perches on hilltops where available."
Habitat	"Shady, rich, deciduous woods."
Habitat	"Males patrol ridges and hilltopsVery local, various open areas, including shale barrens, lakeshore dunes, and prairie hills.[image] These butterflies are very sensitive to light conditions and fly only in sunlight. The male patrol along ridgetops or bluffs."
Habitat	Groves of host trees in foothills and mountains.
Non-Habitat	"The habits of this rare species are presumably like those of other members of the genus, where all species of this genus are crepuscular, at which time males patrol furiously. Trimen wrote: “When in full chase they make a louder humming sound with their wings than most hawk-moths; I could often hear them a good ten yards off, when it was too dark to see them, except when they rose over the horizon.� However, the habits of this species in particular must be even more unobtrusive."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	22-29 mm
Habitat	" open, disturbed sites including roadsides, oldfields, fallow agricultural land, utility easements, forestedges and gardens; They are fond of flowers and oftenabundant in home gardens.; "
Habitat	"[image]Males patrol swales instead of ridgetops.Valley bottoms, flats, and gentle slopes in short-grass prairie, grasslands insagebrush. REMARKS:"
Habitat	"Open, sunny areas: road edges, vacant lots, agricultural areas."
Habitat	Tropical and subtropical woods and edges.
Non-Habitat	Feeds by night and hides by day in crevices of bark.
Non-Habitat	"[female] Gordon Town, Jamaica. February."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Seasonal forest or scrub in tropical lowlands.
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a rapid and somewhat erraticflight, typically low to the ground just above the vegetation, but frequently stop to nectar at availablewildflowers."
Habitat	"Canyons, ravines, roadsides, dunes."
Habitat	"Several species are found primarily in wetlands (marshes, swamps, river forests) or similar moist situations."
Non-Habitat	The species is a well-known migrant.
Non-Habitat	The large eyespot on the FW is likely flashed to frighten predators.
Habitat	Desert washes and drainages.
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Habitat	"Subtropical second growth, woodland edges, brushy fields, city gardens."
Habitat	"Primarily coastal salt marshes, dunes, also open sites such as fields and gardens. Migrants appear in a variety of open habitats."
Habitat	"Deciduous broadleaf forests, edges, and river valleys."
Non-Habitat	Males locate their mates by perching in likely sites rather than by patrolling.
Non-Habitat	"Flight is often rapid with the wing movement blurred. Males of most species locate mates by perching, but patrolling is used by some in our area."
Non-Habitat	30-40 mm
Habitat	"Usually restricted to saltbush flats, arid canyons, dry washes, and ditches."
Habitat	"Prairie hills, rocky ridgetops."
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu, Maniema, Uganda- Bwindi"
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid singly
Non-Habitat	28-41 mm
Habitat	"[image] Limited to native tall-grass praires, often in reserves where it is threatened by overuse of fire by well-meaning conservationists.Native, tall-grass prairie."
Non-Habitat	" Bothsexes visit rotting fruit, dung, carrion and tree sap."
Habitat	"Clearings in river forest, overgrown orchards, weedy areas near houses.Adults roost under leaves at night."
Habitat	Atlantic White-cedar swamps and associated barrens.
Habitat	Streams and shady areas within tropical seasonal forest or scrub.
Habitat	"Open Leatherleaf bogs, margins of open black spruce bogs, Jack Pine and Lodgepole Pine forests."
Non-Habitat	31-41 mm
Non-Habitat	40-55mm.
Non-Habitat	April - September; two or more generations
Habitat	Brackish Sawgrass marsh.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 18 mm
Habitat	"Canyons, ravines, mesquite grassland, and dunes."
Non-Habitat	the larva was at rest in its nest made of rolled leaf; The pupa attached itself in the rolled leaf nest...and responded to agitation by quivering its body
Habitat	"Landfills, roadsides, rural areas, vacant lots, gardens.[image] almost always found in close association with man-made habitats"
Habitat	[image]This is the only Chlosyne likely to be found on rock slides above timberline.Alpine rockslides and scree slopes.Adults nectar above and below rock slides.
Non-Habitat	"The female walks on the leaf underside and lays an egg one by one, sometimes up to 10 eggs on the same leaf. "
Non-Habitat	26-32 mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host
Non-Habitat	I saw a female laying eggs on the tiny Cassia mimosoides (Fabaceae) on the Obudu Plateau.
Habitat	"Acid soil habitats with heath familv plants — barrens, bogs, mixed conifer woods, sandy coasts.[image]usually perch on or near their caterpillar hosts."
Non-Habitat	" A fast-flying butterfly thatmoves swiftly between flowers. Oftenengages in mud-puddling, sometimesin large numbers with other butterflies.There are periodic movements of thesebutterflies across Africa."
Habitat	The Draco Skipper is found in foothills grasslands and forest openings. It is most abundant in small pockets of grassland along valley floors.
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Habitat	"Shady, rich, deciduous woods."
Habitat	"Open fields, moist woods.Males perch with open wings on low plants."
Habitat	"HABITAT: Prairies, oldfields, pinevvoods. bogs, open meadows."
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are usually laid singly, but there are those that lay in clutches, at least in Asia."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	" open woodlands, forest edges, roadsides, pastures, wetland edges, stream corridors and old fields;  Primarily a butterfly of woodlands andAdjacent open sites, it occasionally wanders into suburban gardens.; Males perch on sunlitranches along trails or clearings and engage passingobjects or rival males. Females generally prefer toremain within the confines of nearby shady sites."
Habitat	"Prelers open fields or glades, with nectar sources, adjacent to oak woodlands."
Non-Habitat	April - July; single generation
Habitat	Oak woodlands.
Habitat	"Mesquite and thorn woodland roadside verges, streambeds."
Non-Habitat	The female butterfly lays eggs one by one on the leaf underside.
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid singly
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	Late May - Early July; single generation
Non-Habitat	ideally camouflaged like a large dried leaf or tree stub.
Non-Habitat	44-59 mm
Habitat	"Mixed evergreen forest openings, headlands with low heaths."
Non-Habitat	very fast on the wing
Non-Habitat	 Widespread throughout the east; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Males perch, often on buckbrush (Symphoricarpos spp.). Found in shrubby ravines, coulees and along stream margins."
Non-Habitat	"Our tropical and subtropical species (Brephidium, Hemiargus, and Leptotes) are exceptional, since their species may undertake long migrations and are often long-distance colonists."
Non-Habitat	"The female is very similar to Mylothris rhodope. When seen in the dense forest she can be told apart by her checking of leaves rather low down when looking for host-plants, where the Mylothris are in the canopy looking for mistletoes."
Habitat	"alpine and arctic habitats.Many types including foothill canyons, sagebrush flats, and alpine tundra."
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.3"" (2.5-3.3 cm)"
Habitat	" This small woodland skipper;   open woodlands, forest edges, clearings andtrails, roadsides and along forested stream margins"
Non-Habitat	" 1.50-1.75"" (3.8-4.4 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"Rapid, weaving flight"
Non-Habitat	lays eggs into calyx and larvae bore into inflated seedpods;
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	There are five species of this genus in Southern Africa.
Non-Habitat	14-24mm
Non-Habitat	"Food plants found on Cape York Peninsula and in the Wet Tropics, Queensland. Local."
Habitat	found in most tropical regionsFreshly emerged males gather in groups at moist sand along rivers and streams.
Non-Habitat	"Males fly rapidly in the understorey of the forest, occasionally perching on leaves in sunlit patches."
Non-Habitat	 Males oftenpuddle at damp ground with other duskywings but arerarely the most prevalent species present.
Non-Habitat	Fw 19-20 mm
Habitat	Formerly restricted to moist open woodlands but now also adapted to disturbed areas and gardens due to use of an introduced foodplant.
Non-Habitat	swift and direct in flight.
Non-Habitat	"Comparatively stronger on the wing, flies close to the ground"
Habitat	limited to acid bogs
Habitat	"Subarctic bogs, taiga openings, and arctic tundra."
Non-Habitat	 laid in clusters on the underside of hostleaves
Habitat	"Moist areas on shaded limestone outcrops, subtropical woods."
Habitat	"Prairies, barrens, old fields."
Habitat	"Weedy fields, pastures, open grassy areas along ditches and streams."
Habitat	Edges and openings in semideciduous tropical river forests.
Non-Habitat	"Tanzania (National endemic)- Mweze, Sitebi Mt"
Habitat	"Wide variety of open situations including forest openings, prairies, and power-line cuts."
Non-Habitat	wideranging
Non-Habitat	"Just behind the head of the caterpillar there is a small protrusible structure which can be blown out like a balloon into an orange or reddish Y-shaped projection, which has the pungent odour of concentrated citrus. The larva expands this little aerial or osmeterium when alarmed and lets it deflate and sink into the ""neck"" when the danger seems to have passed."
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larva feeds on the leaf from the tip. It hangs small leaf fragments with silk, makes a rodlike extention at the tip of the midvein with frass pellets, where it rests when not feeding. "
Habitat	"has its metropolis in the tall-grass prairie and mid-grass prairie region, but it  also occurs in wet meadows in other areas."
Habitat	Arctic tundra.
Non-Habitat	"1.3—1.75"" (3.3-4.3 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"[male] Monteada Nueva, Dominican Republic. February. "
Habitat	"Damp subalpine streamsides, acid bogs, taiga."
Non-Habitat	"The female butterfly lays an egg one by one on the leaf underside or twig of a foodplant growing in dense, poorly illuminated woodland. "
Habitat	Virgin high prairie in Man.
Habitat	[flies at higher elavations than Canada Sulphur]Alpine tundra.
Non-Habitat	76-97 mm
Habitat	"Tropical forest edges near rivers and streams, occasionally dry desert-like situations."
Habitat	Salt or brackish marshes.
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, roadsides, meadows, pastures.Adult males are territorial, perching on tall grass or other plantsIt is rarely encountered in Illinois, and then usually found in gardens."
Habitat	shale barrens scattered along the Appalachians
Habitat	"Damp deciduous woods, usually near streams or marshes; mixed transition zone woodlands."
Non-Habitat	22-24 mm
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies
Non-Habitat	Temperate parts of Central and East Europe and Asia
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	Univoltine; May - June (to mid July at 1000-2000 m).
Non-Habitat	[caterpillars] Gregarious
Habitat	Short-grass prairie or similar grasslands with areas of bare soil.
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid singly and sometimes in batches
Non-Habitat	" 1.5—2.7"" (3.8-6.9 cm)"
Non-Habitat	25-30 mm
Non-Habitat	60-75 mm.
Non-Habitat	"fast and zigzag, and individuals may fly near the ground or in the subcanopy of the forest"
Habitat	"Wide variety of open situations including forest openings, prairies, and power-line cuts."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground within about 1 m and rarely settle.
Habitat	"Prairie hills, weedy areas, roadsides."
Habitat	Tropical rain and cloud forests.
Habitat	"Open, subtropical woods."
Habitat	Adult males take up perches in late afternoon — often on promontories or in the lee of large trees.
Non-Habitat	100-130 mm
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, pastures, and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a quick, darting flight but regularly alighton low vegetation."
Non-Habitat	44-62 mm
Habitat	"Abandoned fields, open pine woods, suburbs, tropical forest edge. Sea level to 2000 ft. (600 m)."
Habitat	"Roadsides, overgrown fields, wood edges, trails in  hardwood hammocks."
Non-Habitat	Generallyuncommon throughout its limited southeastern range; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	Forewings hidden behind the closed hindwings to remain undetected
Habitat	Chihuahuan Desert scrub.
Non-Habitat	75-85mm
Non-Habitat	Fw 21-23 mm
Non-Habitat	"The egg is found on a bifurcation point of twigs or leaf scar about 1.2m above ground level. When oviposition is forced under captivity, eggs are laid sometimes on twigs and leaf underside."
Habitat	"Gullies, stream bottoms, foothills."
Non-Habitat	"1.75-2.60"" (4.3-6.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"[male] El Yunque, Porto Rico. July."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-17 mm
Habitat	High arctic.
Habitat	" dry. grassy areas including old fields, woodlandmeadows, pastures, forest clearings and easements; the Crossline Skipper canoften be readily distinguished from its relative on thebasis of habitat, preferring drier, open areas. Thespecies may be frequently encountered in more suburban locations including home gardens and lawns"
Habitat	"In Mexico, moist to wet tropical forest at  moderate elevations—1000 to 3000 ft. (300-900 m)."
Non-Habitat	18-26 mm
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	Tropical scrub and associated openings and edges.
Habitat	Gullies and canyons in thorn scrub grassland. Males perch on sunlit rocks and cliffs in the morning to await the arrival of possible mates.
Habitat	Oak thickets in foothills.
Non-Habitat	Frequently feed from flowers.
Non-Habitat	Some species lay eggs in batches of 25-30 while other lay eggs singly.
Habitat	"High elevations of Calif. Sierra NevadaAlpine rockslides and meadows above 11,000 ft.Males perch on hilltops or ridges to await receptive mates."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on new growth of host
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves or stems
Non-Habitat	Flies deceptively slow and close to the ground 
Non-Habitat	April - October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	Adults fly among clumps of the food plant.
Non-Habitat	Tanzania (National endemic)- Longerengene 
Habitat	Open woods and wood edges.
Habitat	Shady tropical woods.
Non-Habitat	" 1.7-2.1"" (4.3-5.3 cm)"
Non-Habitat	50-70 mm
Non-Habitat	"[male] Mt Basil, Haiti, 4500 ft. September."
Habitat	"Open areas, marshes, seeps, sand plains."
Non-Habitat	Restless butterfly and a swift flier
Habitat	"Desert grassland, pinyon-juniper woodland."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, quick flight andreadily visit available flowers. "
Habitat	Northeastern swamps
Non-Habitat	20mm
Habitat	"Chaparral, rocky desert slopes, and dry lake bed."
Non-Habitat	April - August; single generation
Non-Habitat	late April-June
Habitat	"Landfills, roadsides, rural areas, vacant lots, gardens.[image] almost always found in close association with man-made habitats"
Habitat	"woodland edges and adjacent disturbed, brushyareas, suburban gardens"
Non-Habitat	23-36 mm
Habitat	"This skipper of subtropical and tropical habitats often strays northward where it dies out with the arrival of freezing winters.Open, sunny areas including lawns, fields, levees, etc."
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	28-39 mm
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Habitat	"Weedy fields, roadsides, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	117-121 mm
Non-Habitat	28-35 mm (1 1/8-1 3/8 inches)
Habitat	"Along streams, lake and pond shores, marshes, wet meadows, and ditches.[flies] often through the tall grasses and forbes within their habitat."
Habitat	Disturijed forest and edges
Habitat	"Old fields ,roadsides, pastures, and landfills in East; tundra in arctic habitats; rocky areas in alpine habitats.The copper's eastern populations are found almost entirely in habitats disturbed by man"
Non-Habitat	33-43 mm
Non-Habitat	33-35 mm
Non-Habitat	"New Caledonia, Vanuatu, Fiji, Tonga and Samoa. Nominate athama occurs in Vanuatuand Fiji.Usually encountered in small numbers on northern and central islands of Vanuatu(although it was very common in forest habitat in the Big Bay area of Espiritu Santo in 2002);more frequent on the southern islands. Reported from Mota Lava, Gaua, Espiritu Santo, Ambae,A F IE L D G U ID E T O T H E B U T T E R F L IE S O F V A N U A T U / T E N N E N TMalakula, Paama, Epi, Efate, Erromango,Aniwa, Futuna and Aneityum. Although notreported from Tanna, it almost certainlyoccurs there."
Non-Habitat	"Often seeks shade and shelter on the underside of leaves. The larva constructs a leafy tent by sewing several leaflets together with silk, living and pupating within its refuge. The green pupa is covered with a powdery white bloom and secured by a silken girdle."
Non-Habitat	" It dancesalong the forest floor with a relatively slow, bobbingflight, but can move rapidly if disturbed. "
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16mm
Habitat	Northern deciduous and mixed evergreen-deciduous forests and associated edges.
Habitat	short-grass prairie
Habitat	usually restricted to dune habitats close to wetlands.
Non-Habitat	35-45 mm.
Non-Habitat	"Fluttering, straight flight"
Non-Habitat	"can easily be confused with Ascia monuste, in flight behavior"
Non-Habitat	FWL: 24-25 mm
Non-Habitat	Flies close to the ground
Non-Habitat	Strong flier
Non-Habitat	Flies throughout the year
Non-Habitat	They may be observed feeding from flowers of Stachytarpheta.
Habitat	Barren rocky areas.
Habitat	"Chaparral, desert washes, canyons."
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.3"" (2.5-3.3 cm)"
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a quick, bobbingflight and frequently alight on low vegetation or treetrunks."
Non-Habitat	The larva hides in a shelter spun from the edge of leaves.
Habitat	" forest edges and clearings, woodland trails, oakhammocks, scrub and adjacent open areas;  Adults readily explore openareas adjacent to their woodland habitats for availableflowers."
Non-Habitat	Fw 17-20 mm
Habitat	"Lowland tropical forests, usually deciduous or semideciduous. Sea level to 1000 ft. (300 m)."
Habitat	"Moist areas near streams, marshes, swales."
Non-Habitat	"Our tropical and subtropical species (Brephidium, Hemiargus, and Leptotes) are exceptional, since their species may undertake long migrations and are often long-distance colonists."
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Non-Habitat	laid singly host flower buds
Habitat	"Flight is rapid and erratic, often in shade.Lowland tropical evergreen or semideciduous forests."
Non-Habitat	"Flight low, direct.Males patrol hillsides or valley bottoms."
Habitat	0pen areas at or below trecline.
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo- Rwenzori; Uganda- Mt Rwenzori
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid on tall flowering plants of Milk-parsley that protrude above the surrounding fenland vegetation. 
Habitat	"Second growth or scrub habitats in tropical lowlands. Vacates seasonally dry habitats, and large migrations have been seen in the tropics"
Habitat	Tropical scrub and associated openings and edges.
Habitat	Black Spruce—tamarack bogs.
Habitat	"Males patrol ridges and hilltopsVery local, various open areas, including shale barrens, lakeshore dunes, and prairie hills.[image] These butterflies are very sensitive to light conditions and fly only in sunlight. The male patrol along ridgetops or bluffs."
Non-Habitat	About 530 species occur in the Afrotropical region. Five species occur in the Seychelles.
Habitat	A local species of prairies and open grasslands
Non-Habitat	[image] Eggs are laid in masses on Turtlehead and related plants.
Habitat	Openings  and  edges of subtropical  hammocks; often found  in nearby fields.
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	Tanzania (National endemic)- Nyakanazi
Habitat	Males perch close to the ground in swales or open weedy areas.
Habitat	"[image] Male perching on leaf along small streamWoodlands, usually deciduous, near slow-moving or swampy streams.Adults are usually found near woolly aphid colonies;"
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Non-Habitat	fly low over the ground
Habitat	"Arid foothills, slopes, and scrubby flats.The males perch and interact on tops of shrubs and small trees on hilltops and ridges."
Habitat	"Intermountain West, prairies, and plains prairies, open weedy areas"
Non-Habitat	34-57 mm
Non-Habitat	115-130 mm.
Non-Habitat	"Tanzania (National endemic)- Kasoge, Kasye, Mahale, Mihumu, Ntakatta "
Habitat	"Lowland tropical forests, usually deciduous or semideciduous. Sea level to 1000 ft. (300 m)."
Habitat	Grassy arroyos in oak woodland.
Habitat	"Wet sedge meadows, marshes, bogs."
Non-Habitat	" rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Habitat	" dry pinelands, woodland edges and adjacentopen areas"
Non-Habitat	 It is extremely fond of flowers and a frequent garden visitor.
Habitat	Short-grass prairies.
Non-Habitat	27-32 mm
Non-Habitat	24-30 mm
Non-Habitat	"Flight rapid, but not too difficult to take when settled on foliage."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 10-13 mm
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Non-Habitat	" This swallowtail has a proportionately short proboscis and isthus unable to nectar at many long, tubular flowers. Itinstead prefers composites and is regularly attracted towhite flowers."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas] ; 
Habitat	Native tall-grass prairies.
Non-Habitat	"The leaf of the unidentified foodplant found at Timika measured about 20 cm in length, and the larva fold the leaf tip inward to make a nest in which it rests. "
Habitat	"Tropical lowland to mid-eIevation forests, coffee plantations."
Non-Habitat	Year round; two generations
Habitat	Wet areas near deciduous woods or streams.
Non-Habitat	22-33 mm
Non-Habitat	" 0.50-0.75"" (1.3-1.9 cm)"
Habitat	"Open areas with low vegetation in or near marshes, bogs, wet meadows, and seeps."
Non-Habitat	24-27mm
Non-Habitat	Flies nervously and hoverswhile feeding from flowers.
Non-Habitat	Very 'aggressive'.
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	All are nocturnal and will come to lights in small numbers.
Habitat	[image] live in moister habitats [than Gorgone Checkerspot] along streams and moist meadows.Openings near stream courses; second-growth scrub.
Non-Habitat	"Flight is low, bouncy, and weak compared to other skippers, often through the tall grasses and forbes within their habitat."
Non-Habitat	"Flight rapid but erratic, and often settles down"
Non-Habitat	 This abundant skipper commonly wandersinto disturbed sites near its habitat In search of nectar.;  Males perch on low vegetation andoccasionally puddle at damp sand or gravel
Non-Habitat	Flies among small bushes close to the ground.
Habitat	"Foothill canyons and slopes, cities, and suburbs."
Habitat	Open fields and second growth.
Non-Habitat	Eggs are glued to host leaves (Megathymus and Stallingsia) or dropped into host plant clumps (Agathymus).
Non-Habitat	"On the underside of a foodplant leaf, 10-20 eggs are laid with regular intervals. On rare occasions, only a single ovum may be laid. Besides on leaves, ova are occasionally found on petioles, stems, or buds of the foodplant... They are laid onto a foodplant climbing around a tree or shrub in a bush in a place unexposed to direct sunlight, in particular at a height of 1-2m above ground level. Places exposed to direct sunlight or heat radiation from rocks scorched by the sun are avoided for oviposition."
Non-Habitat	15-16mm
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	The males are perchers and fight in clearings and along paths.
Non-Habitat	"Although the ovipositing behavior itself was not observed....when leaves of this plant was examined closely, 3 eggs and 4 newly-hatched larvae were found on the underside of leaves at about 3-4m above ground level. Each egg is laid singly at the base of a leaflet. All egg found were laid only on onse side of the petiole."
Habitat	"Foothills, short-grass prairie valleys.A typical short-grass prairie species."
Habitat	Native tall-grass prairies.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground. Females are more often observed flying among clumps of the food plant. 
Habitat	"Openings in tropical forests, wood edges, city flower gardens."
Habitat	Marshes on prairies.
Habitat	"Deciduous broad-leaf forest or mixed evergreen forest, associated edges, and clearings."
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	"1.4—1.8"" (3.6-4.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	22-28mm
Habitat	" deciduous woodlands, forest edges and clearings, shrubby areas, old fields and roadsides;  Found in variety of semi-open areas, thisspring species rarely strays far from stands of its larvalhost."
Habitat	"Intermountain West, prairies, and plains east to sw. Iowa (L. m. melissa), isolated pine barrensPine-oak barrens in East (L. m. samuelis), prairies, open weedy areas in West (L. m. melissa)."
Habitat	Dry canyons and arroyos at base of desert mountains.Adults patrol back and forth along the edges of stream courses or dry washes
Habitat	"Wooded hills, prairie valleys."
Non-Habitat	contains the single genus Anetia and is confined to Central America and the Greater Antilles. 
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	Low damp fields and pastures.
Habitat	"Open sunny areas: road edges, vacant lots, agricultural areas."
Non-Habitat	"The caterpillars feed at night, resting gregariously by day on tree trunks."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16-18 mm
Habitat	Moist tundra.
Non-Habitat	25-30 mm
Habitat	Seasonally dry subtropical woodland and thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	105-115 mm
Non-Habitat	This subspecies flies very slowly. 
Habitat	"Tropical semideciduous river forest, edges."
Non-Habitat	None
Non-Habitat	...even when it flies rapidly over tall trees or mountain slopes.
Non-Habitat	"The caterpillar of the Californian subspecies of S. columella, S. c. istapa Reakirt, has been reared on the common Malva, although the eggs were laid on Sida hederacea, a plant of a genus that also occurs in the West Indies."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	Adults fly very rapidly within about 1 m of the ground.
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are found on small twigs of trees, in height from less than 1m to 8m, growing inside or in the margin of broadleaf forest. Usually the eggs are laid in several batches"
Habitat	"Calif. lowlands and Coast Range foothillsFoothill canyons and washes, usually in oak woodland.Male Pacific Orangetips usually patrol along streams and valley bottoms in search of females. Males of other species patrol hillsides or ridges."
Non-Habitat	eggs laid at base of thorns
Non-Habitat	They readily feed from brightly colored flowers.
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Non-Habitat	" 1.1-1.4"" (2.8-3.6 cm)"
Habitat	"Open, grassy fields, pastures, roadsides."
Habitat	 open grassy areas in or near woodlands andalong stream corridors
Habitat	"Open areas in or near deciduous woods, often near streams and small rivers."
Non-Habitat	36-52 mm
Non-Habitat	Flight is swift and deceptive with a wavelike move¬ment showing protective alternating colours
Habitat	Boggy or scrubby areas dominated by blueberries and other heaths. Often in recovering burns or logged sites.
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	The male visits flowers and feeds on nectar.
Habitat	" The Orange Sulphur can be found in virtually any open landscape and is particularly abundant inand around cultivated alfalfa fields, where it occasionally can become a serious pest; open, sunny sites including roadsides, oldfields, alfalfa fields, pastures and home gardens"
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid in batches
Non-Habitat	"This insect is recorded only during the month of April in Seychelles. Migration of this insect over the sea was observed on Mauritius during March 1996, with specimens arriving from the direction of Madagascar."
Habitat	"City flower gardens, lakes formed from cut-off river oxbows, canals, fields. During hottest part of day these skippers perch in the open on dirt roads or dry riverbeds. This is atime when only a few other butterflies, for example, Common Buckeyes, remain active in open sunlight."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	Open areas and flats.
Habitat	Marshes.
Non-Habitat	"On sunny days males of some Belenois and Appias fly incessantly along forest roads in large numbers, mainly in the same direction, and usually in the company of Graphium policenes. I have never had the patience or time to study what happens at the end of the forest, but any flight in the opposite direction always seems to be much weaker."
Habitat	Coastal salt marshes.
Non-Habitat	" Both sexes seldom visit flowers, but preferto feed at rotting fruit, dung, carrion and tree sap."
Habitat	Tropical hardwood hammock edges.
Non-Habitat	"Of all PNG species,...H. polycletus are the most common."
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Non-Habitat	" 1.6-1.9"" (4.1-4.8 cm)"
Habitat	"oak woodlands, forest edges, woodland clearings, roadsides and utility easements;  A common spring species, Juvenal'sDuskywing darts up and down sunlit trails;  "
Habitat	Openings in western Jack or Lodgepole pine forests.
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Habitat	"Arid open areas, including desert foothills, pinyon-juniper, and sagebrush flats.Male Desert Marbles patrol ridges and hilltops in search of females."
Habitat	Prefers the edges and glades of rocky deciduous woodlands in the vicinity of brooks and other water sources.Look for this elegant satyr near the end of the day in the dappled light of dirt roads and trails through rocky damp woodlands. Often alights on tree trunks with its head facing downward.
Non-Habitat	Eggs are known to be laid on oaks (Quercus spp.)
Habitat	Ponderosa pine forest and associated moist glades and small streamsides. Males perch on the ground or dead branches near ground Ievel to await prospective mate.
Non-Habitat	"This butterfly flies throughout the year, but it is more abundant in January, April, and May. "
Non-Habitat	70-89 mm
Habitat	Open oak woodland and mixed woodland near ravines and watercourses.
Habitat	[image] Adults are usually found along the ground in various forests.Woodlands.
Non-Habitat	"2.0-2.8"" (5.1-7.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	27-32 mm
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.7"" (2.5-4.3 cm)"
Non-Habitat	May - September; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	12-14mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly and somewhat haphazardly near host
Non-Habitat	"widespread throughout the mainland [PNG] where it is rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Non-Habitat	"Underside grey (yellow-greenish in female) and cryptically patterned in minute striae, the leaf-like effect enhanced by the short hindwing tail and slightly falcate forewing"
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground.
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	April - October; two generations
Non-Habitat	17-22mm
Habitat	Grassy areas in and above wet tundra.
Habitat	"Disturbed areas in several tropical zones, from sea level to 2000 m."
Non-Habitat	[male] Cuba.
Non-Habitat	"The Hesperiinae is a large family of 330 Afrotropical species, with 2500 species known worldwide. "
Habitat	Fields and sunny areas near coast.
Non-Habitat	May - October; multiple generations;  The larvae are gregariouswhen young but become solitary towards maturity.
Habitat	"Most common in disturbed open areas, especially in dry, sandy, grassy fields."
Habitat	Acid bogs with cranberries.Not usually found in commercial cranberry bogs due to the use of pesticides.
Non-Habitat	Burundi-Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Rwenzori; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Mt Rwenzori
Non-Habitat	Avidly visits dung and damp patches.
Non-Habitat	55-66mm
Habitat	"Many open situations— fields, marshes, dunes, thorn scrub, gardens."
Habitat	" This large checkerspot is a spotty but oftenlocally common resident, primarily limited to the western mountainous portions of the Carolinas.; It is most frequently encountered in moist woodland openings oralong forested streams in close proximity to its larvalhosts.;  moist woodland openings, forest margins,stream corridors, semi-open areas near moist deciduous forest, and mesic fields"
Non-Habitat	"This species occurs in the Eastern Cape, Natal, Transvaal, Bechuanaland, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and ranges to East Africa. "
Non-Habitat	"28—45 mm, usually more than 30 mm ( I  1/8-1 3/4 inches)"
Non-Habitat	110-120 mm.
Habitat	lives on volcanos in Guatemala.
Habitat	"Ridgetops (males), open brushy areas and open woods."
Non-Habitat	20-24mm
Habitat	"Males of Pahaska Skipper perch on hilltops, Foothills with short-grass prairie, open pine forest."
Habitat	"The males of our species patrol open, sunny habitats in search of receptive females, although males of some tropical whites, e.g. Leodonta, perch along ravines."
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	26-31 mm
Non-Habitat	Males patrol ridges and hilltops[image] These butterflies are very sensitive to light conditions and fly only in sunlight. The male patrol along ridgetops or bluffs.
Habitat	Wet areas near ponds and swamps.
Non-Habitat	"1a[male], 1b [female] Furcy, Haiti. July"
Non-Habitat	Adults roost under leaves at night.
Habitat	"Open woodlands — mesquite, juniper, oak-pine."
Non-Habitat	25-42 mm
Habitat	"Open, moist situations amid arid zones."
Non-Habitat	25-35 mm ( 1-1 3/8 inches)
Habitat	Edges of brushy fields and open forest.
Non-Habitat	67-99 mm
Non-Habitat	35-41 mm (1 3/8-1 5/8 inches)
Non-Habitat	"This species is mostly seen when disturbed inside the forest, then flying a relatively short distance to settle again."
Non-Habitat	 It is found only along coastal portions ofsouthern South Carolina; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	75-80mm
Non-Habitat	"Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu, Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi, Mt Rwenzori"
Habitat	"Males patrol hilltops awaiting femalesBrushy hillsides, prairie ridges."
Non-Habitat	Slow flight at about 3-5 m. above the ground
Non-Habitat	young caterpillars feed in groups
Habitat	"Moist pastures, marshes, hog edges, damp meadows."
Habitat	"Desert grassland, pinyon-juniper woodland."
Habitat	"Sphagnum bogs, sedge bogs.In Colo., the species is partly dependent on old beaver dams, where females lay eggs on young willow seedlings."
Non-Habitat	The female lays an egg one by one on tips of leaves of foodplant trees scatteredly growing in places illuminated by sunlight through tree foliage in woodlands.
Non-Habitat	24-38 mm
Habitat	"Open areas, marshes, seeps, sand plains."
Habitat	"Canyons, ravines, roadsides, dunes."
Habitat	"HABITAT: Prairies, oldfields, pinevvoods. bogs, open meadows."
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	Fast-flying andrestless... can also be found in largenumbers visiting flowers of dryland shrubslike Cadaba or Combretum.
Non-Habitat	habitaully hides in thickets when startled
Habitat	"[image] Adults are found in small grassy openings along small streams or in moist woods.Wet wooded swamps, shrub swamp, forest edges."
Non-Habitat	"migrants in Egypt and the easternMediterranean, probably extending to India on an irregular basis: Larsen, pers. comm.)."
Non-Habitat	Females usually fly in more open areas in search of the food plant.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Open fields with flowers, coastal scrub."
Non-Habitat	Late April - October; two generations;They [larvae] overwinter partially grown and complete development the following spring
Non-Habitat	"Although from the 1st to the 3rd instar the larva is brown, it turns green when it molts in the spring after awaking from hibernation. Its pupa, which is green, is found on the leaf underside. "
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a weak, dancing flight and readily stop tonectar."
Non-Habitat	[male] Haiti. 
Non-Habitat	22-32 mm
Habitat	Pine-palmelto scrub or its edges.
Non-Habitat	"Huge migrations of this butterfly are sometimes seen, though I have no records from west of the Dahomey Gap. Kielland (1990) observed a migration in Tanzania in February 1984, which lasted for two days and where the flight was “so thick that they reminded one of swarming bees�."
Non-Habitat	82-95 mm
Non-Habitat	"Contain a bright orange osmaterium from behind their head, which emits a pungent smell resembing pineapple."
Non-Habitat	Fw 23 mm
Non-Habitat	In Illinois the species has been observed ovipositing on big bluestem (Andropogon gerardi).
Habitat	"Prairie ravines, canyon bottoms."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 14 mm
Habitat	"Open grassy areas near woods, along streams, old fields, and shrubby areas.Males usually perch several feet above ground in sunny spots often near the edge of woods or shrubs"
Non-Habitat	25-30 mm
Non-Habitat	"Both sexes patrol a territory between 10.00 and 12.00 hrs, usually a length of forest path or a part of forest without low vegetation, flying in tight loops of about five metres, one metre above the ground. The patrol flight appears less frenzied that that of the Celaenorrhinus, but that may just be an optical illusion because of the large size of the butterfly."
Non-Habitat	100-120 mm.
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	The flight of this species is low down and not as vigorous as that of A. mackenii and it more resembles the Paracleros.
Habitat	Woods or brushy areas.
Non-Habitat	wideranging
Non-Habitat	50-65 mm.
Non-Habitat	42-60 mm
Habitat	Forests adjacent to river courses.
Non-Habitat	"The flight of this species is erratic and fast, but the insect frequently settles in a very abrupt manner. "
Non-Habitat	Flies fast and purposefully.
Habitat	Coastal salt marshes.
Habitat	"Open woods and brushy areas, especially pine or oak woods with sandy soil."
Habitat	"Barrens and open woods on native hosts, highway shoulders, railroad beds, upland fields on Crown Vetch.This butterfly has rapidly expanded its range and abundance by colonizing the plantings of Crown Vetch along highways, interstates, and railroad beds."
Non-Habitat	 occasionallypausing to nectar or perch. They regularly visit flowersbut prefer low plants with small blossoms.
Non-Habitat	38mm
Habitat	"Ridgetops (males), open brushy areas, and open woods."
Habitat	"It is a denizen ofmixed hardwood forests where it frequents woodlandroads or sunlit trails. The relative scarcity of adult sightings is likely due to their preference for spending timehigh in the canopy of mature host trees. As the larvaefeed on primarily on developing nuts, stands of youngtrees are not utilized.;  hardwood forests and clearings, along woodland margins, sun dappled trails, stream corridors androadsides"
Non-Habitat	92-165 mm
Non-Habitat	"The flight is slow and measured, usually between one and three metres above the ground."
Non-Habitat	58-76 mm
Habitat	bog species
Non-Habitat	" 2.25-3.00"" (5.7-7.6 cm}"
Non-Habitat	It is closely linked to the remaining dense forests where it flies fast in the canopy and is difficult to collect.
Habitat	Moist canyon bottoms and gulches.
Habitat	"A variety of situations—rocky and sandy exposed hillsides near streams or  gullies in north; pine flatwoods, towns, and citrus groves in the South.[image] often found in southern gardens"
Habitat	"The Satyr Anglewing is never common but occurs throughoutour area in riparian habitat where the native stinging nettle (Urticaholosericea) grows. All counties in riparian and tule marsh habitats,seldom seen elsewhere."
Non-Habitat	orange subdorsal eye-spots at rear of humped thorax.
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a quick, bobbing flight andmaneuver close to the ground."
Habitat	Coastal mangrove thickets and nearby openings.
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies… are the primary stronghold for the Regal Fritillary
Habitat	"Open, sunny situations —open fields, dunes, roadsides, thorn scrub.[image] Male Common Buckeyes often perch and patrol along dirt roads, bare open areas, and sand dunes. …They may occasionally participate in migrations- often along caostlines."
Non-Habitat	"The last instar larva makes a rough nest with 2-3 leaves on the twig ends, in which it rests. "
Non-Habitat	67-85 mm
Non-Habitat	"widespread and generally rare, but may be occasional locally"
Habitat	Tundra ridges or flat areas below summits.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly in sunny clearings.
Non-Habitat	"May - Early July; single generation;  Itssingle spring generation is seldom on the wing formore than a few short weeks. It appears to be temporally isolated from other azures, flying after the peak ofthe Spring Azure and just before the emergence of theSummer Azure."
Non-Habitat	" 3.5-5.0"" (8.9-12.7 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground.
Non-Habitat	93-117 mm
Non-Habitat	wideranging
Non-Habitat	"This species is similar in habits to Coeliades forestan, which flits around trees, backwards and forwards, fancifully suggesting a policeman on patrol. "
Habitat	Damp grassy areas near streams.
Habitat	Openings and edges of subtropical hammocks: often found in nearby fields.
Habitat	commonly found in woodlands and larger gardens
Habitat	Tropical scrub and associated openings and edges.
Habitat	"Wooded streams, forest glades, towns."
Habitat	Openings and edges of mid-elevation evergreen forests in tropics; known from several habitats in Texas.
Non-Habitat	"In the early instars up to around the 3rd, the larva feeds on the leaf from the apex, and hangs small pieces of leaf fragments with silk. "
Non-Habitat	Two species fly slower than Tagiades flesus.
Non-Habitat	60-70 mm
Non-Habitat	The flight of this insect is fast. 
Non-Habitat	85-110 mm.
Non-Habitat	fly onlhy in bright sunshine and visit flowers of various weedsmales strongly territorial and patrol from early morning to early afternoon
Non-Habitat	Flight. May - August. Univoltine
Habitat	Can be flushed from sedge meadows in daytime.
Habitat	"HABITAT: Wet fields, marshes,tall-grass prairie."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Kivu
Non-Habitat	"[male] Portsmouth, Dominica. October"
Habitat	"Several, including coastal salt-spray meadows, open montane conifer forests, and sagebrush flats."
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Non-Habitat	Males.. occasionally patrol
Habitat	Tropical forests and edges in lowlands and mid elevations.
Habitat	"Open areas with closely cropped vegetation, pastures, dunes, road verges."
Habitat	"Tropical thorn scrub, dry riverbeds, abandoned fields. It perches on low plants or other objects"
Habitat	[image]  often in sun-dappled situations.Lowland scrub and seasonally dry forest edges.
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid in batches in stick-like formation
Non-Habitat	24-32 mm (15/16-1 1/4 inches)
Habitat	Virgin high prairie in Man.
Non-Habitat	"In open areas this butterflies of this species fly about fast, rarely landing for more than a few seconds."
Non-Habitat	17-24 mm
Habitat	often found in coniferous and mixed woodlands
Habitat	"Shady, rich, deciduous woods."
Non-Habitat	75-80mm
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	"[male] Grand Turk Island. December, January. "
Non-Habitat	50-62 mm
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly near the ground among grasses, frequently perching on the blades."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 28-29mm
Non-Habitat	39-50 mm. (1 1/2-2 inches)
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, including mountain meadows, edges of prairie marshes, and lawns.praire"
Habitat	Low damp fields and pastures.
Non-Habitat	May - October; two generations;  Larvaeoverwinter. 
Non-Habitat	fast-flying
Habitat	"Open tundra, rocky summits and saddles, talus slopes, and frost-heaved clear-cut areas."
Non-Habitat	"Dominican Republic and Haiti (e.g. near Puerto Plata). TL: 'Timor', recte Haiti."
Non-Habitat	powerful rapid fliers
Non-Habitat	"Confined to the mountains of eastern, central and western Cuba from about 1000 ft upwards. ...RANGE and TL: Cuba."
Non-Habitat	24-30 mm
Non-Habitat	30 mm
Non-Habitat	29-38 mm
Habitat	"Gravelly hills, domes, low ridges."
Habitat	Hardwood hammocks in s. Fla. and subtropical woods in s. Texas.
Non-Habitat	" 1.75-2.50"" {4.4-6.4 cm)"
Non-Habitat	" 0.8-1.1"" (2.0-2.8 cm)"
Non-Habitat	eggs laid singly and somewhat haphazardly near host leaves
Non-Habitat	late may-mid October
Habitat	"Pastures, dunes, forest edges in subtropical and tropical zones. Mid-elevations in southwestern mountains."
Habitat	Tropical and subtropical woodlands.
Habitat	"Openings in tropical forests, wood edges, city flower gardens."
Non-Habitat	44-62 mm
Non-Habitat	"Forced a female to oviposit in captivity and the female laid a batch of 15 eggs on the leaf underside of A. moupinensis. Females occurring in mainland Japan lay their eggs one by one, while those on the Ishigaki Island in Okinawa Prefecture lay eggs in batches."
Non-Habitat	58-76 mm
Habitat	Open woods and small clearings in conifer forests.
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Tropical hardwood hammock edges.
Non-Habitat	75-101 mm
Habitat	"Shaded tupelo swamps in south, partially shaded marshes and ditches in Midwest."
Habitat	Northern deciduous and mixed evergreen-deciduous forests and associated edges.
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.6"" (2.5-4.1 cm)"
Habitat	"Subtropical second growth, woodland edges, brushy fields, city gardens."
Habitat	"Normally, only found in Atlantic white cedar swamps (although indiviiluals must disperse to new areas).This fascinating butterfly was not discovered until 1949 when, during a boom year, some spilled out of the uninviting white cedar swamps in Lakehurst, New Jersey and were found by Sid Hessel.Hessel's Hairstreak are found in white cedar swamps.Atlantic white cedar swamps. come down from the tops of the white cedars to nectar on blueberries, sand myrtles, sweet pepperbushes or chokecherries."
Habitat	Groves of Gambol oak.
Habitat	"Subtropical scrub, woodland edges, and brushy fields"
Habitat	Open fields and second growth.
Habitat	Spruce bogs.
Non-Habitat	41-44 mm
Habitat	"Weedy fields, pastures, open grassy areas along ditches and streams."
Non-Habitat	"females...seek the Zaragoza plants (Aristolochia spp., Aristolochiaceae) on which to lay their eggs"
Non-Habitat	" Adults havelow, erratic flight but regularly stop to nectar at available flowers."
Habitat	"Woods, brushy fields, wooded rivercourses."
Habitat	Upper limits of tidal marshes.
Habitat	"Salt marshes, open fields, dunes."
Non-Habitat	stopping occasionally to nectar on a variety of early season wildflowers. Males frequentlypuddle at damp ground along woodland trails or roads.
Non-Habitat	Fast flier
Habitat	Wooded areas.
Habitat	"On or near willows along stream courses and in marshes.[image] Acadian Hairstreaks are found perching on willows, their caterpillar hosts, or nectaring at flowers of plants such as  dogbane, milkweeds, or White Sweet Clover."
Non-Habitat	Two to several eggs are laid in batches on twigs or branchlets.
Habitat	"Canyons, ravines, roadsides, dunes."
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, fence rows, roadsides."
Habitat	"mixed deciduous forests, thickets, forest clearings, woodland edges and adjacent open areas"
Non-Habitat	"""Celimene� may have been named after the playful lady of that name in a Moliere play on account of this butterfly’s peculiar flight. The flight is, in fact, different to that of other Colotis. It generally hovers or flutters over one spot, often a bush-covered termite hill or near trees. Most Colotis are normally in a “tearing� hurry, unless visiting flowers or damp mud."
Habitat	"Males patrol on flats.Open, relatively dry areas, often weedy; pastures, sandy lots, railroad beds."
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves or flower buds
Non-Habitat	"Visits flowersand roads, but tends to stay in the shadeof the forest.  Males are seen more oftenthan females, who tend to keep evenmore to the shadows."
Non-Habitat	100-130 mm
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	"Open grassy areas in scrub woodland, flower gardens, irrigation levees."
Non-Habitat	April - Early October; two or more generations
Habitat	Weedy places and gardens. Migrant on high mountains.
Habitat	"open, disturbed sites including roadsides, vacantfields, utility easements and fallow agricultural land"
Non-Habitat	Fly very slowly.
Non-Habitat	18-26mm
Habitat	Cedar glades and woodlands.
Non-Habitat	" Adultshave a quick, low flight made up of rapid wing beatsfollowed by brief periods of gliding."
Habitat	"HABITAT: Prairies, oldfields, pinevvoods. bogs, open meadows."
Non-Habitat	The captured larva was found resting on the underside of a bamboo leaf
Non-Habitat	"All of thespecies are distasteful, and they are mimicked by other distasteful or relatively palatable butterflies."
Non-Habitat	"The females drop their eggs in the vicinity of dried-up violets, foretelling the presence of fresh foliage the following spring."
Non-Habitat	" it regularly visits flowers, particularly Hibiscus and Stachytarpheta."
Habitat	"Woodland openings, edges, and adjacent fields; suburban habitats. Generally in moist situations.The males sally forth from perches on leaves overhanging woodland trails and edges."
Habitat	Open subtropical scrub and woods edges.
Habitat	The adults are usually found in direct association with their caterpillar host plants.
Non-Habitat	32-36 mm (1 1/4-1 7/16 inches)
Habitat	[image]  often in sun-dappled situations.Lowland scrub and seasonally dry forest edges.
Non-Habitat	therest of the wings cryptically patterned 
Non-Habitat	When flying in open country they weave their way in and out of bushes avoiding open sunlight; in gardens and along streets they often travel in the shade of walls.
Non-Habitat	"Both sexes fly slowly in the shade, usually two or three metres above the ground."
Non-Habitat	Slow flight.
Non-Habitat	"Flight is rapid and erratic, often in shade."
Non-Habitat	Rare
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground. 
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	43-49 mm
Non-Habitat	Fast flying
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies
Non-Habitat	"In December 1996 huge numbers of this butterfly (Appias sabina sabina) spilled down paths and roads in Okomu, Nigeria with even more Belenois theora; hundreds stopped to drink from patches of urine. All flew in the same direction and there was no return flight during the three days I was there. Whether or not it was the beginning of a long-distance migration, I cannot say."
Non-Habitat	20-28 mm
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	This species is found mostly in the warmer zones (or Southern Africa).
Non-Habitat	110-130 mm.
Habitat	Salt marshes.
Habitat	"Usually marshes and wet meadows, but also sandy oak barrens, streamsides, and open or wooded hillsides."
Non-Habitat	80-100 mm.
Habitat	"Many open, lowland tropical situations including forest edges, pastures, and city gardens."
Habitat	[image] Adults are more often found in forests than in open fields.Open pastures and edges of seasonally dry tropical forests.
Habitat	Wet areas near deciduous woods or streams.
Non-Habitat	" 1.25-1.70"" (3.2-4.3 cm)"
Habitat	Wood edges and roadsides.
Non-Habitat	"1.2-1.6"" (3.0-4.1 cm)"
Habitat	Woodland edges and trails near streams.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	"Resident [to the Carolinas];  This common skipper of the northeast justbarely enters our area in the western mountains ofNorth Carolina. As its name implies, the species wasaccidentally introduced into Ontario, Canada fromEurope in 1910 and continues to expand its range."
Habitat	"Open woods and edges, power-line rights of way, wooded swamps, open fields."
Habitat	Disturbed scrubland.
Habitat	Gulches and canyons.
Habitat	Forests along ravines and stream banks. Clearings and glades. Near woods and forests. Savannas and prairies near woods.Adults often rest and bask on dirt roads or on stones.  Adult males perch in sunny spots at the margins of woods or in glades
Non-Habitat	Oviposition is on the lower sides of the grass blades
Non-Habitat	22-26 mm
Non-Habitat	50-58 mm
Non-Habitat	" 0.75-1.00"" (1.9-2.5 cm)"
Habitat	"Pastures, brushy fields, roadsides, wooded trails."
Habitat	"Weedy fields, roadsides, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Non-Habitat	Undergoes periodic massive popuIation outbreaks and emigrations in the far West. Strays in our area may result from such irruptions.
Habitat	"Streamcourses. dry gulches, city parks."
Non-Habitat	40-45 mm.
Habitat	Shady tropical woods.
Non-Habitat	The Branded Silky Skipper has a strong flight.
Non-Habitat	"It overwinters as the 3rd-instar larva, about 4mm in body length, which hides in a nest made of curled leaf at the tip."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	This is a primarily tropical genus.
Habitat	Open areas or edges in or near seasonally dry tropical forest or scrub
Non-Habitat	" 1.3-1.7"" (3.3-4.3 cm)"
Non-Habitat	22-28 mm
Non-Habitat	41-51 mm
Habitat	 This species is found in diy grasslands
Non-Habitat	Very swift flier
Non-Habitat	Powerful flier
Non-Habitat	Adultsare readily encountered at the blossoms of numerouswetland flowers
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	may be found along the upper borders of southern salt marshes.
Habitat	Salt or brackish marshes.
Habitat	"lower elevations of western mountainsBrushy ravines and canyon bottoms, wooded hillsidesMales patrol along ravines and gulches."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	"Low foothill canyons, overgrown fields, wood edges in U.S. Open fields, scrub, second growth in lowland tropics."
Habitat	"limited in their occurrence to unplowed tall-grass prairie, mainly in preserves."
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Habitat	Weedy fields and edges in lowland tropical forests.
Habitat	Disturbed areas in a wide variety of tropical environments.
Non-Habitat	Flies low with shallow wingbeats. Often flutters wings when at flowers.
Non-Habitat	41-47 mm
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Unspecified locality; Rwanda- Virunga; Uganda- Bwindi, Mt Rwenzori"
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly rapidly close to the ground during sunshine. Males patrol ridges of sand dunes or along cliff tops. Females fly further down slope of cliff-faces, sometimes close to the beach, or in dune swales among clumps of the food plant."
Non-Habitat	"Fast, tricky flight."
Non-Habitat	"Tanzania (National endemic)- Kampisa, Mahale, Sisaga, Sitebi Mt"
Habitat	"[image] A common butterfly of tall-grass prairie.Moist priries, mountain pastures, barrens."
Non-Habitat	" 1.2-1.5"" (3.0-3.8 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground within the breeding habitat. 
Habitat	"Disturbed areas and second growth. Tropical gardens.Males perch a foot or two from the ground, often near nectar sources, where they await the arrival of receptive mates."
Habitat	"In Mexico, moist to wet tropical forest at  moderate elevations—1000 to 3000 ft. (300-900 m)."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	"Frequents brushy fields, roadsides, woodland clearings, and yards and gardens, where the larvae feed on a variety of mallows."
Non-Habitat	25-30 mm
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Makala
Habitat	"Prelers open fields or glades, with nectar sources, adjacent to oak woodlands."
Non-Habitat	"0.8-1.1"" (2.0-2.8 cm)"
Habitat	"Subtropical second growth, woodland edges, brushy fields, city gardens."
Habitat	"Open and scrubby areas — dry meadows, power-line rights of way, prairie hills, upland barrens, etc."
Non-Habitat	Flies slowly
Non-Habitat	May - October; one to two generations
Habitat	"Adults congregate at a focal tree just before dusk. As the sun sets, they leave the tree to roost under the leaves of adjacent trees or shrubs"
Habitat	Grassy areas near streams and marshes.
Habitat	"Pine barrens, oak savannah, open sandy scrub."
Habitat	Forests adjacent to river courses.
Habitat	"HABITAT: OjTen fields, scrub, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	"The Mountain Crimson Tip usually flies incessantly along the edges of the submontane forests, unless it stops to visit flowers."
Non-Habitat	Distasteful to predators. Plays dead when caught and exudes a bad smelling yellowish oily fluid from glands in leg joints
Non-Habitat	"1a[male], 1b [female] Furcy, Haiti. July"
Non-Habitat	52-62 mm
Non-Habitat	The egg is often laid on the underside edge of the petiole of a mature leaf
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	"Subtropical scrub, woodland edges, and brushy fields"
Habitat	Wet wooded situations adjacent to open areas.
Habitat	Most species are found in wooded habitats.
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, river woods, wooded swamps, brushy fields, edges."
Habitat	"Dry sandy fields, roadsides, old fields, rights of way."
Non-Habitat	26-36 mm ( 1-1 3/8 inches)
Non-Habitat	Local.
Non-Habitat	Very common
Habitat	Alpine willow bogs and lush meadows in conifer forests.
Non-Habitat	"Tanzania (National endemic)- Kigoma, Mpanda, Ufipa"
Non-Habitat	"The early instar larva...positions itself on the midvein when at rest. As the larva grows larger, it makes a stationary silken pad at a place unexposed, e.g. between overlapped old leaves. For feeding, it leaves the pad, and never feeds on the leaf on which the pad is made. Pupation takes place on the leaf underside near the pad. "
Non-Habitat	12-20mm
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	"[image]Basically a southern and Tropical butterfly, these attractive insects colonize large areas of the Great Plains each summer."
Habitat	"Citty flower gardens, edge of river woods."
Habitat	"Hardwood hammocks on FIa. Keys, river forests elsewhere."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest and pine forest.
Habitat	"Normally, only found in Atlantic white cedar swamps (although indiviiluals must disperse to new areas).This fascinating butterfly was not discovered until 1949 when, during a boom year, some spilled out of the uninviting white cedar swamps in Lakehurst, New Jersey and were found by Sid Hessel.Hessel's Hairstreak are found in white cedar swamps.Atlantic white cedar swamps. come down from the tops of the white cedars to nectar on blueberries, sand myrtles, sweet pepperbushes or chokecherries."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	" The Red-banded Hairstreak has a rapid,erratic flight. Males typically perch on sunlit leaves ofshrubs or small trees (often on their hosts) and readilyinteract with other individuals, often spiraling high intothe air before returning to a nearby perch."
Non-Habitat	30-42 mm (1 3/16-1 11/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	48-79 mm
Habitat	"Freshwater marshes, sedge meadows, slow-moving streams or  ditches.Adults perch and patrol in late afternoon."
Habitat	Grassy areas in thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	May - September; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	" The larva feeds on a wide range of plants(Scott 1986: 281-282), especially Carduus and Cirsius spp.As with the preceding species breeding is unlikely andhibernation unthinkable in Greenland."
Habitat	Shrubby arctic or alpine tundra with patches of sedges
Habitat	"Tropical deciduous forests.They rest on the ceilings of caves, culverts, and buildings during the day."
Non-Habitat	"Leaving a notable feeding marks on leaves of the larval foodplant Mahonia confusa, four 3rd-4th instar larvae rested side by side on a silken pad made on a leaf. "
Non-Habitat	34-40 mm
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	Colotis visit flowers or damp mud. 
Habitat	Forest edges and openings: road edges. Middle elevations in tropics.
Habitat	"Open areas with low shrubs, found in native situations much more often than Eastern Tailed-Blue."
Habitat	They are commonly encountered in woodlands and gardens
Habitat	" Although only recently established in southFlorida, the Dorantes Skipper is now a common butterfly of forest edges and adjacent open, disturbed sitesthere. It is an uncommon vagrant to South Carolina.;  It is often abundant inhome gardens.; open woodlands, roadsides, old fields, fallowagricultural land, utility easements, forest edges andgardens"
Habitat	Tidal scrub.
Habitat	" forest edges, open woodlands, roadsides, utilityeasements, old fields and gardens;  It is a commongarden visitor."
Non-Habitat	 They [males] occasionally puddle at damp sand or gravel.
Non-Habitat	" 1.30-1.75"" (3.3-4.4 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Habitat and life history unknown. 
Habitat	"BorealMoist streamsides, wet meadows, springs, taiga. Found in a wide variety of situations where not resident, such as alpine tundra, towns, gardens, prairie streams, oak woodland, etc. Local and altitudinal movements are not well understood. Males establish perches on hilltops where available."
Non-Habitat	"During the day, full-grown caterpillars hide in litter at the base of small sprouts or saplings of the host."
Habitat	"Chaparral, rocky desert slopes, and dry lake bed."
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid singly under host leaves,"
Non-Habitat	22-25 mm
Non-Habitat	"The flight is fast and direct, usually between one and six metres above the ground and only occasionally in the canopy."
Habitat	The adults are usually found in direct association with their caterpillar host plants.
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be common locallly"
Habitat	"Wetlands including acid bogs, and dwarf willow seeps."
Non-Habitat	Ovipositing and feeding behavior similar to that of P. machaon [Ova laid on leaves]
Non-Habitat	very fast and erratic
Non-Habitat	Adults fly swiftly close to the ground. 
Habitat	Arctic tundra.
Non-Habitat	"1.1-1.3"" {2.8-3.3 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid in  the  middle of  Homoptera colonies. Usually aphids but sometimes scale insects or treehoppers.
Habitat	Black Spruce-sphagnum bogs.
Habitat	Chaparral and brush in foothills.Adults may be found on host or flowers
Habitat	"Most coppers are found in sunny, open habitats throughout the temperate zone,"
Non-Habitat	wideranging
Habitat	Wooded swamps.
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Non-Habitat	confined to Central America and the Greater Antilles. 
Habitat	"HABITAT: Wet fields, marshes,tall-grass prairie."
Habitat	"A wide variety of open, weedy tropical and subtropical situations."
Habitat	"Open areas: lowland tropics, fields, dunes, pine-woods, roadsides, etc."
Habitat	Coastal mangrove thickets and nearby openings.
Non-Habitat	Swift flier
Habitat	"Open marshes, bogs, and swamps."
Habitat	"Vacant weedy lots, suburban gardens, open woods."
Non-Habitat	"Females lay their eggs singly, directly on host plant leaves; some species put their eggs on plants or other objects adjacent to their true host."
Habitat	Pinewoods.
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Generally uncommon in the Carolinas, it may beencountered in large open fields that support tailgrasses.;  open, grassy areas including old fields, roadsides, wet meadows, woodland clearings and margins"
Habitat	"Usually marshes, bogs, sandy oak barrens, dry open or wooded hillsides."
Non-Habitat	"Males seem to be territorial and flv at each other with a clicking noise, hence the name ""cracker."" This sound is thought to be made by spiny rods at the tip of the male's abdomen."
Non-Habitat	35-53 mm
Non-Habitat	None
Non-Habitat	 fly vigorously 
Non-Habitat	" periodically stoppingto perch or nectar. Avidly fond of flowers, the butterflyis a frequent garden visitor."
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Habitat	"On or near willows along stream courses and in marshes.[image] Acadian Hairstreaks are found perching on willows, their caterpillar hosts, or nectaring at flowers of plants such as  dogbane, milkweeds, or White Sweet Clover."
Non-Habitat	26 mm
Non-Habitat	[image] Caterpillars live in small clusters.
Habitat	Open weedy fields and pastures.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-18 mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	A local species of forests.
Non-Habitat	"Uganda (National endemic)- Kibale, Semliki"
Habitat	Dry rocky sites in arctic or alpine environments.
Non-Habitat	46-53 mm
Habitat	richest in tropical habitats throughout the world
Non-Habitat	"usually... they do not fly long distances. Our tropical and subtropical species (Brephidium, Hemiargus, and Leptotes) are exceptional, since their species may undertake long migrations and are often long-distance colonists."
Non-Habitat	26-36 mm (1 1/16-1 7/16 inches)
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly over the dense ground cover of grass and low vegetation. 
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a strong, directedflight but readily stop to nectar"
Habitat	"Oak woodland, oak-juniper woodland, mesquite, ravines.often found on hillsides or along ravines in or near shade."
Habitat	"Roadsides, overgrown fields, wood edges, trails in  hardwood hammocks."
Non-Habitat	Tanzania (National endemic)- Kasoge
Habitat	"Open areas, grasslands, pastures, meadows, roadsides, gardens.Males are territorial, perching in wait of females low in grassy sites."
Habitat	Disturbed areas in a wide variety of tropical environments.
Non-Habitat	April - October; two generations
Non-Habitat	30-36 mm
Non-Habitat	24-30 mm
Non-Habitat	Several generations completed annually.
Non-Habitat	"Several generations completed annually, with adults apparently more abundant during the wet season."
Habitat	Coastal marshes.
Habitat	Woods edges and clearings near swamps and rivers.
Habitat	Steep alpine rock slides and high rocky ridges with large lichen-covered rocks.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Virgin prairies.
Non-Habitat	50-60 mm
Non-Habitat	 the newly hatched larva folds part of a leaf to make a nest. pupation takes place within the nest
Non-Habitat	Adult flight is rapid and often appears erratic. 
Habitat	" Itreadily ventures into disturbed sites near its habitatand shows up occasionally in home gardens. TheHoary Edge is common, but rarely found in any largenumbers;  open, sandy woodlands, forest edges and adjacent disturbed, brushy areas"
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Slopes and summits of hills in dry virgin prairie, tundra."
Habitat	Oak Woodland
Non-Habitat	"1.4-1.6"" (3.6-4.1 cm)"
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a low, quick and often directedflight but frequently stop to nectar at various smallflowers and are particularly fond of their host blossoms. Males often gather at mud puddles to imbibemoisture."
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Non-Habitat	This butterfly flies briskly in and around sun-lit forests. The female flies actively in search of leaves suitable for oviposition. 
Non-Habitat	This species flies in Rhodesia. 
Habitat	"Cutover areas, forest edges, stream valleys."
Habitat	"Rocky slopes and canyons, levees."
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, including old fields, openings, prairie hills, barrens, and power-line cuts.Populations along Rocky Mt. front in Mont., Wyo., and Colo. (subspecies rhena) are closely associated with remnant patches of big bluestem."
Habitat	may be found along the upper borders of southern salt marshes.
Habitat	"[image]Territorial males may be found in late afternoon, often on hilltops. Barrens, neglected pastures, sparsely wooded hills, copses near prairie streams."
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in the Eastern Cape, Natal, Transvaal, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and ranges to tropical Africa."
Habitat	"""bounces"" along the tops of the grass, shrubs, and just inside the canopy of small trees.Most at home in the grassland/woodland interface, this satyr may be found in the middle of quite large open fields or more rarely deep in the woods."
Habitat	Forests with oaks or hickories and adjacent edges or fields.[image] even in urban parks. Adults are most easily found nectaring at milkweeds near forest edges.
Non-Habitat	This species flits about.
Non-Habitat	"The flight is fast and weaving, often several metres above the ground, and the species is restless, flying almost incessantly."
Habitat	"Adults of H. c. assiniboia occur in prairies, grassy valley sides, aspen parkland and sand dune areas in the borealforest"
Non-Habitat	"The 1 st-instar larva bit off part of the leaf tip,and folded the leaf to make its nest. As it grew larger, itchanged its nest to larger ones. Pupation also took placein the nest"
Non-Habitat	Migrant and temporary colonist in  n. part of range.A regular migrant that probably cannot survive the coldest winters and must recolonize more northern areas.
Non-Habitat	These butterflies may partake in extensive migrations often noted along coastlines. The adults may appear far to the north of their usual habitats.
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid on purple-topgrass (Tridens flavus), the larval food plant."
Habitat	Disturbed habitats at low to moderate elevations.
Habitat	"Tropical hammocks, river forests, edges."
Non-Habitat	Late February - October; multiple generations
Habitat	"[image] much more likely to be found in native grasslands and prairies than its close relative, the Crossline Skipper. Lawns, pastures, vacant lots, prairie swales."
Non-Habitat	"This subspecies is found in Natal, Transvaal, Bechuanaland, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and ranges to East Africa, with the whiter race pylades in tropical West Africa. "
Non-Habitat	60-75 mm.
Non-Habitat	"The adult, flying actively in well-lit open spaces along mountain streams, looks like fritillaries"
Habitat	"Both our species are strong fliers, usually found flying high over the canopy or along rivers.  Adults may occasionally be seen visiting moist sand along rivers or streams."
Non-Habitat	April - Late September; two generations
Habitat	Pine-Oak Barrens
Habitat	" The Byssus Skipper is a butterfly of salt andbrackish water marsh edges along the Atlantic CoastalPlain from North Carolina south to Florida. It shares itspreference for this unique wetland habitat with thesimilar but much larger Rare Skipper with which itoccasionally flies,"
Habitat	"Ravines, canyons, roadsides."
Habitat	Open oak woodland.
Non-Habitat	 It readilystops to nectar on low flowers and is especially fondof the blossoms of its larval hosts.
Non-Habitat	This subspecies is found in Madagascar. 
Non-Habitat	28-44 mm (1 1/8-1 3/4 inches)
Non-Habitat	80-120 mm.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Open, moist situations amid arid zones."
Non-Habitat	37-42 mm
Habitat	Seasonally dry tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	34-43 mm
Habitat	"Upland boreal forests, especially deciduous."
Habitat	"Usually restricted to saltbush flats.Arid canyons, alkali flats."
Habitat	"Open scrubby areas, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	Flies freely and actively in bright sun 
Non-Habitat	30-35 mm
Non-Habitat	"Uganda (National endemic)- Bwindi, Echuya"
Non-Habitat	The pupae are remarkable for the relatively very large leaf-like expansions that arise from the head.
Habitat	"occur along forest edges, in parks and gardens, along roasides, in open fields, and in pastures"
Habitat	"Brushy edges of woods, rarely pastures."
Non-Habitat	72-79 mm
Habitat	Canebreaks in dense southern woodlands.
Habitat	"Intermountain West, prairies, and plains prairies, open weedy areas"
Non-Habitat	90-140 mm.
Habitat	"limited in their occurrence to unplowed tall-grass prairie, mainly in preserves."
Habitat	"Males perch on or close to the ground in woods openings or nearby fields,"
Non-Habitat	 The larvae construct individual shelters on the host by folding over smallsections of a leaf with silk. Older larvae may use theentire leaf or connect several leaves together.
Habitat	"Open, sunny areas: road edges, vacant lots, agricultural areas."
Habitat	"Tropical scrub, open areas.Males may perch on hilltops to await receptive females."
Habitat	"Open tropical lowlands — weedy fields, beach dunes."
Non-Habitat	76-90 mm
Non-Habitat	"The male flies low close to the ground, and often descends and rests on the ground"
Non-Habitat	51-63 mm
Habitat	"The butterfly can be encountered in a wide range ofhabitats including suburban gardens.;  marshes, pond margins, forest edges, roadsides, old fields, utility easements and gardens"
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	Open fields and second growth.
Non-Habitat	79-113 mm
Non-Habitat	The large eyespots help deflectattack away from Its vulnerable body and may alsostartle predators.
Habitat	Coastal salt and brackish marshes.
Non-Habitat	"On fine days, the male flies actively in the morning high above the treetops of walnuts about 4-8m high, resembling the flight of black-veined whites (Aporia spp., Pieridae). When the sun gets covered with clouds, it descends near to the ground, and flies slowly. The female flies slowly above grassy fields"
Habitat	"Adults congregate at a focal tree just before dusk. As the sun sets, they leave the tree to roost under the leaves of adjacent trees or shrubs"
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Habitat	"Usually tropical moist forest above 5oo m on Hispaniola, but also in other situations."
Non-Habitat	The butterfly flies in lower space and settles underside of the leaves of the various plants.
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Habitat	"River forests, ravines, washes, and thorn scrub. Adult males perch on ground near hackberries or on branches."
Non-Habitat	" Flight is fast and powerful, with nervous pauses at damp patches or flowers. Males often patrol a patch of habitat, following a regular route."
Non-Habitat	43-53 mm
Non-Habitat	70-90 mm.
Non-Habitat	"The caterpillars live in and feed near a silken shelter at the base of their host grass clump,  and overwinter in partly underground shelters."
Habitat	[image]Males perch along gulliesGulches and creeks in mountains.Males of California Crescent perch along stream and gully bottoms.
Non-Habitat	58-70 mm
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	very difficult to catch
Non-Habitat	[image] Eggs are laid in clusters on the leaves of Fog Fruit and Mat Grass.
Habitat	Subtropical scrub and thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	58-74 mm
Non-Habitat	Slow flight
Non-Habitat	28-30mm
Non-Habitat	May - October; two generations
Habitat	Several species bore into commercial fruit trees.
Habitat	"Wooded streams, forest glades, towns."
Habitat	"Desert grassland, pinyon-juniper woodland."
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	patrolling
Habitat	"Woods near rivers, swamps, marshes, moist woods, etc."
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	FWL: 17-18 mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Open, grassy areas: lawns, landfills, marshes, power-line rights of way."
Non-Habitat	" Like most satyrs, itdoes not visit flowers but instead is drawn to sapflows, dung, rotting fungi and fermenting fruit."
Habitat	"Most coppers are found in sunny, open habitats throughout the temperate zone,"
Habitat	[flies at higher elavations than Canada Sulphur]Alpine tundra.
Non-Habitat	 It flies low among the vegetationand is easily overlooked.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Northeastern swamps
Habitat	Sunny areas along shady rocky slopes and canyonsides in mountain coniferous or oak-pine forests.Males perch and patrol back and forth near host plants.
Habitat	"Open, subtropical woods."
Habitat	Introduced from E. Asia
Non-Habitat	Adults fly very rapidly within or close to the breeding habitat.
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	"Europe, temperate and mediterranean parts of W. and C. Asia"
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.5"" (2.5-3.8 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"The adult flies rapidly about 1-1.5m above ground level. In Sumatra, I once heard the strong flapping of wings of this species making a buzz when one passed swiftly by me overhead. "
Class	Text
Non-Habitat	27-32 mm
Habitat	"Lowland tropical forests and nearby second growth, flower gardens."
Non-Habitat	38-42 mm.
Habitat	found in densely forested swamps or along wooded streams. The males perch and patrol chiefly in the shade or in the open at dusk or on overcast days. They often rest on tree trunks.
Non-Habitat	They fly over bushes or trees. 
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	"Wet sedge meadows, marshes, bogs."
Non-Habitat	" It seldom visits flowers, feeding instead atrotting fruit, dung, carrion and tree sap."
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid on sedges;
Non-Habitat	24-30mm
Habitat	tropical
Non-Habitat	13-44mm
Non-Habitat	Adults are oftenseen nectaring at flowers or while perched on low vegetation.; Males often gather at damp soil or animal dung.
Non-Habitat	"Lives in rainforest, where itflies high and fast, coming down to visitflowers and damp patches. "
Non-Habitat	"Both sexes patrol incessantly, almost from dawn to dusk, flying slowly in and out of the crowns of trees."
Habitat	"most of the colonies of the Karner Blue are found in pine barrens, well-vegetated sand hills dominated by pines and oaks."
Non-Habitat	 multiple generations
Non-Habitat	Several generations completed annually. 
Habitat	"Wide variety of open, sunny areas—waste fields, prairies, pastures, etc."
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Semliki
Habitat	"Wet and dry tropical forests from sea level to 1,000 m."
Non-Habitat	Mid April - Late October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	Nakamura & Benyamini (1973)saw a female ovipositing on Resedamuricata in Wadi El Arbaein (St Katherine).
Habitat	"Low desert valleys, dry washes, alluvial fans, and lower canyons."
Habitat	" This butterfly has been found in riparian shrubbery, sagebrush slopes and prairie grassland along the Milk River. In the foothills and mountains, grassy areas appear to be its preferred habitat."
Non-Habitat	" 0.9-1.2"" (2.3-3.0 cm)"
Habitat	Introduced from E. Asia
Habitat	"Openings in or near streamcourses, marshes, seeps, moist fields, city  parks, ridgetops (males). May be found in a wide variety of habitats during migration and overwintering."
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is found in the Afrotropical region including the Indian Ocean islands. It is only recorded on Mahé in Seychelles. This butterfly is not considered a Seychelles resident at the moment. It is widespread. 
Habitat	"abundant garden visitors.; open, sunny locations including old fields, roadsides, pinelands, utility easements, sandhills, fallowagricultural land and gardens"
Non-Habitat	45-55 mm.
Non-Habitat	This species flies higher than C. phocion and often settles on leaves a metre or so above the ground.
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, fencerows, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	45-51 mm
Habitat	Moist swales on tundra.
Non-Habitat	Both male and female fly very slowly. 
Habitat	"Pastures, dunes, forest edges in subtropical and tropical zones."
Non-Habitat	"The caterpillars of C. dirce are gregarious when young, sheltering by day under a protective tent formed of a leaf of Cecropia."
Habitat	"wet fields, marshes, meadows and grasslands"
Non-Habitat	72-100 mm
Non-Habitat	" All threespecies are somewhat nervous butterflies, but readilycongregate at available flowers. Together, they oftenform a circus of activity with several pausing briefly toperch or nectar before one flies up and disturbs theothers, only to alight again moments later."
Non-Habitat	The female lays egg one by one on the underside of mature leaves. 
Habitat	"Wet, open woods along rivers and streams, open swamps; sometimes dry woods and ridgetops.[image] The males patrol through open woods, swamps, and along streams."
Non-Habitat	laid singly on the upper surface of host leaves
Non-Habitat	[image]females lay their eggs in clusters.
Habitat	Open woods or forest edges.
Non-Habitat	Widespread. During favorable seasons of above average rainfall the species expands its range temporarily from the inland to the east and south coast.
Habitat	"Oak woodland, chaparral, and juniper woodland. Males of this and the previous two species [Black and Fulvia Checkerspots] perch on ridges or hilltops, where they await receptive females."
Habitat	"Limestone ridges in mesquite woodland, foothill ridges. Males establish perches on low vegetation in ridgetop clearings."
Habitat	" woodlands, forest edges and adjacent open,disturbed areas such as gardens"
Habitat	Edges and fields near woods and scrub.
Non-Habitat	"wanders widelyThe species migrates north from the Gulf states, temporarily populating areas far to the north.Mass migrations have been reported in Louisiana. It frequently undergoes massive migrations"
Non-Habitat	Strong on the wing
Non-Habitat	"ranges from the southern U.S.A. to Argentina (TL: Rio de Janeiro and coast of Brazil). It occurs in the West Indies in three subspecies which are sometimes treated as distinct species; Note. The occasional D. gilippus that reach the Lesser Antilles at times are referable to subspecies xanthippus Felder 1860, and probably originate in Trinidad or Venezuela. "
Habitat	"Lowland tropical riparian forest, city parks."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, weakflight and scuttle just above the surface of their fleshyhost plants."
Habitat	"Grassy areas in open, sandy pine woods."
Non-Habitat	The larvae are gregarious (Pittaway 1985) so eggs must be laid in clutches.
Non-Habitat	"Larvae spin silken nests, within which they live."
Habitat	"Intermountain West, prairies, and plains east to sw. Iowa (L. m. melissa), isolated pine barrensPine-oak barrens in East (L. m. samuelis), prairies, open weedy areas in West (L. m. melissa)."
Habitat	"Tropical  hammocks,  river forests,  edges. The  adults  return  to the same  roost  night  after night."
Non-Habitat	30-36 mm
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Habitat	Can be flushed from sedge meadows in daytime.
Non-Habitat	57-71 mm
Habitat	"Subarctic bogs, taiga openings, and arctic tundra."
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	 Adults have a low.relaxed flight and bob erratically through the vegetation.
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid singly
Non-Habitat	The larvae live in tents of rolled leaves.
Habitat	" stream corridors, wet meadows, fields, pastures and suburban yards;  frequently encountered in suburban locations including home gardens."
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	"The foodplant shrub frequents well-lit stream sides or cliffs about 1,000m a.s.l., and the adult flies slowly near the plant."
Habitat	"Flight is rapid and erratic, often in shade.Lowland tropical evergreen or semideciduous forests."
Habitat	lives on volcanos in Guatemala.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"E. hecabe occurs in tropical West Africa, easternAsia, Japan, the Malay peninsula and through the islandsof the Philippines and Indonesia to New Guinea, theSolomons, eastern Australia, New Caledonia, Vanuatuand the Pacific islands. E h. sulphurata (see note, below)flies in New Caledonia, Vanuatu, Fiji, Tonga, Samoa andNiue.This common, sometimes abundant, butterfly occurs throughout Vanuatu. Reportedfrom Hiu, Tegua, Loh, Toga, Ureparapara, Mota Lava, Vanua Lava, Mota, Gaua, Mere Lava,top: male (Vanua Lava) / middle: female (Loh) /bottom: female (Erromango)O L B U T T A F L A E B L O N G V A N U A T U / T E N N E N T55Espiritu Santo, Ambae, Maewo, Pentecost, Malakula, Ambrym, Paama, Epi, Efate, Erromango,Tanna, Futuna and Aneityum. A lack of records from the remaining islands of Vanuatu (e.g.Tongoa, Aniwa) undoubtedly reflects under-reporting"
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies… are the primary stronghold for the Regal Fritillary
Habitat	richest in the tropics
Habitat	Found in weedy areas and gardens.
Non-Habitat	22-28 mm
Non-Habitat	"eggs laid singly on leaves of Umbellifera in S. Scandinavia nearly exclusively on Peucedanum, seldom on Daucus, further N. Angelica silvestris preferred, in coaster areas A. archangelica and northernmost on Pimpinella. On Gotaland, Laserpitium. "
Non-Habitat	Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Unspecified locality; Rwanda- Rugoge; Uganda- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.5"" (2.5-3.8 cm)"
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a quick,erratic flight and frequently perch high on the leaves ofsurrounding vegetation."
Habitat	"Widespread in open situations such as power-line cuts, Andropogon fields, moist meadows, etc."
Non-Habitat	79-106 mm
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid on grasses
Non-Habitat	 laid in clusters on the underside of hostleaves
Habitat	"Damp stream courses, marshes, wet fields, roadsides."
Habitat	Moist swales on tundra.
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, fencerows, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	30-46 mm (I 3/I6-I 3/4 inches)
Non-Habitat	"Most species are active from almost dusk till dawn, flying extremely fast."
Non-Habitat	"Adults readily feed from flowers, including Senecio, Xerochrysum, and Rubus. "
Habitat	" woodland clearings and margins, pastures, oldbrushy fields and forest meadows; "
Non-Habitat	Fw 22-24 mm
Habitat	Subtropical dry and wet woods and scrub as high as 1200 m
Non-Habitat	AWL(sic): 11-13mm
Non-Habitat	Males patrol with a low meandering flight through sedges in their habitat.
Habitat	"Despite a wide range of acceptable habitats, this species seldom strays into built-up areas and is a rare sight in gardens unlessthey are very close to canyons."
Habitat	"common butterfly of chaparral and foothill woodland, occasional in riparian canyon habitats"
Habitat	Wooded canals.
Non-Habitat	The species is a very rapid flier.
Non-Habitat	"Occasionally migrating south of breeding range to s.  Calif., s. N.M., s. Ind., and Pa.—rarely to Mo., Ga., S.C., and N.C.Local and altitudinal movements are not well understood,"
