Non-Habitat	the third [segment of the caterpillar] often has a 'threatening' eye-spoton either side.
Habitat	"Moist open areas, marsh edges."
Non-Habitat	Tanzania (National endemic)- Katuma river
Habitat	"Most common in  pine barrens, this elfin can also be found in deciduous woodlands with groves of white pine."
Non-Habitat	23-30 mm
Habitat	"Dry deserts, thorn scrub, and dry forest."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Non-Habitat	27-34 mm
Non-Habitat	 (aid singly on the underside of host leaves
Habitat	Males of our species perch and patrol in  open habitats
Non-Habitat	"They have a slow, gliding flight and maneuverclose to the ground in open areas or along woodlandroads."
Habitat	Brackish Sawgrass marsh.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Pine barrens, short-grass prairies."
Habitat	"High, floating flight near conifers.Pine forests in most of range; mixed Douglas-fir forests in n. coastal Calif.Occasional outbreaks cause extensive defoliation of Ponderosa Pine forests. Adults come to ground level to visit flowers."
Non-Habitat	28-34 mm
Habitat	Short-grass prairies.
Non-Habitat	19-26mm
Non-Habitat	Se Canada and ne. U.S
Habitat	"Many, including oak woodlands, brushy foothills, mixed conifer forests, meadows, and sagebrush flats."
Non-Habitat	flies low and often settles on the ground… not a strong flier
Non-Habitat	" 1.00-1.25"" (2.5-3.2 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Males often engage in furious fights with neighbouring males.
Habitat	Weedy openings and fields
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in the Eastern Cape, Natal, Transvaal, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and ranges to tropical Africa. "
Non-Habitat	This species is an occasional migrant in desert or semi-desert areas.
Non-Habitat	"Flight usually leisurely, erratic and rapid when alarmed"
Non-Habitat	"Restless, often rapod flier"
Habitat	bog species
Habitat	"Ridgetops (males), open brushy areas and open woods."
Non-Habitat	"The flight of Leptosia is weak, though not as weak as Pseudopontia paradoxa."
Non-Habitat	Haiti and theDominican Republic. Not uncommon in mountain forest. Porto Rico: rather rare. Found in Jamaica in 1974. TL: 'Antilles'.
Habitat	Hillsides with dense stands of host plant and other spine-bearing plants.Males perch over dense stands of Schott's agave to await likely mates. Adults do not visit watercourses.
Habitat	Wide variety of tropical forests and second-growth habitats.
Habitat	Open weedy fields and pastures.
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid in small batches in the leaf sheaths of foodplants. The female alights on a grass stem and backs downwards, inserting her abdomen into the leaf sheath and depositing several eggs inside"
Non-Habitat	27-32 mm
Habitat	Openings in sandy pinewoods or pine barrens.
Habitat	"Dry deserts, thorn scrub, and dry forest."
Habitat	[resricted to] upper margins of salt marshes along the coast
Habitat	"deciduous forests, riparian woodlands, forestroads and edges and adjacent open brushy areas;  The Eastern Comma survives the winter asan adult, hibernating in log piles, tree hollows or evenwithin manmade structures;  A woodlandbutterfly, it inhabits riparian forests, clearings and adjacent open, brushy areas."
Non-Habitat	Temperate and mediterranean part of the Palaearctic region
Non-Habitat	All of our species are occasionally migratory or regularly change elevations.
Non-Habitat	"The eggs are usually laid singly on, or sometimes near, the larval hostplant."
Habitat	Thorny tropical scrub.
Habitat	" It remainsclose to its low-growing host, but may be an occasional garden visitor.; open, disturbed sites including roadsides, oldfields, moist ditches, utility easements, fallow agricultural land and pond edges"
Habitat	 found in old fields and gardens.
Habitat	"Hardwood hammocks, wooded swamp edges."
Non-Habitat	Caterpillar... resembling bird droppings when at rest
Habitat	"rich, moist deciduous mountain woodlands,stream corridors, forested roads, clearings and adjacent open areas; "
Habitat	Open brushy areas in seasonal tropical low lands.
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Habitat	They are commonly found in woodlands and larger gardens.
Non-Habitat	it flies close to ground level
Habitat	Open glades or ridges (or artificial power-line cuts) within limestone soil woodlands.
Non-Habitat	Shrub flowers such as azaleas (Rhododendron spp.)
Non-Habitat	47-50 mm
Habitat	Varies from old fields and dry prairies to wet marshes.
Habitat	"Weedy fields, pastures, open grassy areas along ditches and streams."
Habitat	"Open areas with low vegetation; meadows, dunes, vacant lots."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly or in small groups on hostleaves
Habitat	"This is a predominantly temperate group, with most species found in mountainous or alpine habitats."
Habitat	"Waste areas, deserts, coastal salt marshes. Males patrol host plants."
Habitat	" open, disturbed sites including roadsides, oldfields, forest edges, meadows and gardens; The Southern Cloudywing frequents forestedges and open disturbed sites but is also a regulargarden visitor.;  Males perch on low vegetation "
Non-Habitat	The flight of this species is much more powerful than in the smaller species.
Non-Habitat	" the adults often perch high on the branches of their hosts and occasionally dart out witha fast, erratic flight before alighting again."
Habitat	"Wooded and forested areas, in openings, glades, forest edges, often near streams."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Openings in moist montane coniferous forests. This fritillary is relatively uniform and occupies similar habitats throughout its range.
Habitat	Subtropical dry and wet woods and scrub as high as 1200 m
Non-Habitat	37-46 mm
Non-Habitat	"Has a slow, deliberate flight."
Habitat	Dense woods with cane growth.
Non-Habitat	28-36 mm
Non-Habitat	26-28 mm
Habitat	"Weedy or brushy areas along streams, washes, ditches, or roadsides."
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	This species is fast-flying.
Non-Habitat	March - October;  multiple generations
Habitat	"Openings in  or near stream courses, marshes, seeps, moist fields, city parks, ridge tops (males). Maybe found in a wide variety of habitats during migration."
Habitat	"Tall-grass prairie in Midwest, edges of coastal marshes along Atlantic Coast."
Non-Habitat	64-86 mm
Non-Habitat	"Local. Restricted to the Wet Tropics and the Mackay district, Queensland."
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly rapidly high up in the canopy or in sunlight glades in the understorey; they rarely settle, but occasionally descend closer to the ground to feed from flowers. Males congregate on hilltops where they patrol over a defined path to establish territories. Females are usually observed flying more slowly around the food plant. "
Habitat	A local species of forests.
Non-Habitat	No information; single generation; Young larvae overwinter and complete development the following spring.
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest and pine forest.
Habitat	"Various open areas, maily prairie hills, foothills, and badlands.Males patrol hilltops and ridges in search of females."
Non-Habitat	30-36mm
Non-Habitat	 Also nocturnal and will come to lights in small numbers.
Non-Habitat	37-44 mm
Non-Habitat	"lower, more rapid flight [than Eastern Tiger Swallowtail]"
Non-Habitat	"[male] Monteada Nueva, Dominican Republic."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have alow, weak flight and bob slowly among the tall grassesand surrounding vegetation."
Non-Habitat	"Confined to Haiti and the Dominican Republic,  Form darlingtoni Clench 1943 occurs at higher elevations in the central Cordilleras ...RANGE: Hispaniola. TL: Haiti."
Non-Habitat	Larvae construct individual leaf sheltersand overwinter inside.
Non-Habitat	" 2.0-2.4"" (5.1-6.1 cm)"
Habitat	Willow bogs in taiga
Non-Habitat	"3a [male], 3b [female], Haiti."
Non-Habitat	" It is active, flying fast along forest trails and roads."
Habitat	"Open areas, pastures, fields, roadsides, along trails.Males patrol with a slow searching flight through grasses in search of females[image]puddle club"
Non-Habitat	"Papilio fuscus occurs from the Andaman Islands,through Malaysia and the Indonesian islands to Papua NewGuinea, Australia, the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu. Morethan 30 races of R fuscus have been described throughoutits range. Each of the three subspecies found in Vanuatu isendemic to different island groups. P f. nomus is confined to the Torres group innorthern Vanuatu, where it is common on Hiu and Loh; italmost certainly also occurs on Tegua and Toga. "
Non-Habitat	"Coloured eyespots at costal and anal margins. ""Ophidicephalus"", snake-headed, may refer in part to the eyespots at anal margin on the hindwing. The pair of these, in close approximation, may have suggested the markings on a cobra's hood to Dr. Oberthur."
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid singly on the underside of a foodplant leaf about 10-20cm above ground level
Non-Habitat	fast flying
Habitat	"Desert and subtropical scrub, especially adjacent to washes and valleys,"
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- N. Kivu
Non-Habitat	"This species can be seen flitting around trees, backwards and forwards, fancifully suggesting a policeman on patrol. "
Non-Habitat	"No longer present [to the Carolinas]; This beautiful butterfly was once foundwithin North Carolina. Sadly though, it has been extirpated from the state. It is possible, but highly unlikely,that a few small remnant colonies still remain."
Habitat	"Vacant weedy lots, suburban gardens, open woods."
Non-Habitat	The undersides of the wings area remarkable dead-leaf tan colour.
Habitat	"Weedy fields, roadsides, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	It is only when feeding… that it is not too difficult to catch.
Habitat	"Open grassy fields, pastures, roadsides."
Habitat	"[image] This butterfly is found in disturbed pastures and roadsides in the East and is spreading southward. In the West it is limited to native mountain meadows.Moist meadows, pastures, hayfields. Unusual among lesser fritillaries in its ability to adapt to disturbed habitats."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, rapid flightand frequently visit available flowers along nearbyroads or in adjacent fields. "
Non-Habitat	"In its rapidity the male’s flight is most elusive in a wave-like darting movement, neatly camouflaging the yellow and black of the butterfly in the interplay of sunlight and shadow which dominated the forest tracks"
Non-Habitat	This Baroniinae are represented by one species restricted to SW Mexico.
Non-Habitat	The flight is fast and they are mostly seen on the wing when the males fly furious display flights in clearings and along paths. Frenzied.
Habitat	habitaT: I'reshwatcr and brackish marshes. Locallyabundant on coast.
Habitat	" open woodlands, forest margins and clearings,open, brushy fields, roadsides and scrub"
Non-Habitat	"Uganda (National endemic)- Kalinzu-Maramagambo, Kibale"
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	[image] This is a widespread skipper of tall- and midgrass prairies. It is an excellent indicator of undisturbed prairie conditions. Tall-grass prairie.
Habitat	Openings in various tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	each egg was laid singly near the end bud
Habitat	prairies dominated by Sawgrass (Cladium jamaicensis)… are the only habitat where one may find the Palatka Skipper
Non-Habitat	FWL: 17-18mm
Non-Habitat	Rwanda (National endemic)- Nyungwe
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Lower Batahu river
Non-Habitat	" the Dogface is a medium-sized butterflywith a powerful, rapid flight"
Habitat	Wet tundra.
Habitat	"Fields, openings, edges in tropical lowlands and foothills."
Habitat	" open, grassy areas including old fields, roadsides, vacant lots, pineland edges and clearings, andutility easements;  Adults avidly visit available flowers andfrequent home gardens."
Non-Habitat	April - October; multiple generations
Habitat	"males of some tropical whites, e.g. Leodonta, perch along ravines."
Habitat	"Old fields ,roadsides, pastures, and landfills in East; tundra in arctic habitats; rocky areas in alpine habitats.The copper's eastern populations are found almost entirely in habitats disturbed by man"
Non-Habitat	Larvae often spin leaves together with silk threads in the manner favoured by some moths.
Habitat	Openings in tropical low land forests or thorn scrub.
Habitat	Near woodland streams.
Habitat	Oak woods or scrub and adjacent edges or fields.
Non-Habitat	Late May-Early September
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Mt Hoyot
Habitat	"Streamsides, river forests, small towns, and subdivisions."
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	Va. (mountains)Ravines or gullies in rich deciduous or mixed woods or their edges.
Non-Habitat	The larva constructs a shelter for pupation.
Non-Habitat	"Apparently, but improbably, almost confined to the Blue Mountains of Jamaica... TL: Jamaica"
Habitat	Found in weedy areas and gardens.
Habitat	Lowland tropical forests with a  distinct dry season.
Non-Habitat	Flight of the male is fluttering while female flies like a Milkweed butterfly
Habitat	"Rich, deciduous woods."
Non-Habitat	Adults usually fly close to the ground among grasses.
Non-Habitat	"It rolls a leaf to make a cylindrical nest, in which it lives. Pupation also takes place in a similar nest"
Non-Habitat	Feeds at night.
Habitat	"often seen on tree leavesWoodlands, especially near watercourses or wet areas with alders. Adults can sometimes be found sunning themselves in woodland glades in the late afternoon."
Non-Habitat	"9a [male], 9b [female], Cuba."
Habitat	Tropical woods or scrub and associated edges.
Non-Habitat	"Slow fluttering flight, not high above the ground"
Habitat	Common in a variety of habitats...White-Spotted Sable is diurnal and usually found at flowers or among vegetation during the day. Celery Leaftier and Lucerne Moth are also commonly disturbed from low vegetation during the daytime.
Non-Habitat	60-72 mm
Non-Habitat	"Oviposition takes place on new buds and young leaves on the foodplant about 1-3m abouve ground level in the forest. Unfolded young leaves are preferred to newly unfolding ones. The female flies actively in search of leaves suitable for oviposition. It lays an egg, one at a time, and shortly flies away for another. The egg is laid sideways on the leaf underside along the midvein at the base of the branching point of a subsidiary vein. "
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	" 0.75-1.25"" (2.0-3.2 cm)"
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	" Depending on the degree of this association, thebutterfly may rely heavily on the ant species for survival, which may contribute to its spotty, localizeddistribution.; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Non-Habitat	" 1.4-2.0"" (3.6-5.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Habitat	"A species with weedy larval hosts, found in waste areas, oldfields, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo- Niragongo; Uganda- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	20-25mm
Non-Habitat	"The Tiny Orange Tip regularly migrates south (to Cape Coast in Ghana, and to Enugu and Okwangwo in Nigeria). In Morocco this frail butterfly regularly migrates up to elevations of 2,000m in the Atlas Mountains."
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Habitat	"low- to midelevation in mountains Lower canyons, desert hills, chaparral, pine forests. Males usually patrol on hilltops or along ridges."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on the underside of host leaves
Habitat	bog species
Non-Habitat	Univoltine. June - mid August according to altitude.
Habitat	"Openings in Canadian zone coniferous or mixed woods, often along or near streams."
Non-Habitat	Temperate and subtropical parts of W. and C. Asia.
Habitat	short-grass prairie
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	24-26 mm
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Habitat	have their major populations limited to the pine scrub on Big Pine Key
Habitat	At the time of this writing… have declined and are found only in a few hardwood hammocks on the keys.
Habitat	"Ravines, canyons, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	110-130 mm.
Non-Habitat	" rare generally, but may be common locally"
Habitat	"Canyons, ravines, roadsides, dunes."
Non-Habitat	 Se Canada andextreme ne U S
Habitat	On or near willows along stream courses and in marshes.
Habitat	"Forest edges, usually in seasonaly dry tropical lowlands."
Habitat	"Low areas in lower austral and subtropical zones, including dry washes, pine forests, open fields, roadsides, and many other habitats."
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Bugoi, Uganda- Bwindi"
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo- N. Kivu; Tanzania- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Budongo
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Habitat	"Mountain meadows, moist prairie valleys."
Habitat	"Males patrol ridges and hilltopsVery local, various open areas, including shale barrens, lakeshore dunes, and prairie hills.[image] These butterflies are very sensitive to light conditions and fly only in sunlight. The male patrol along ridgetops or bluffs."
Habitat	"Deserts, including high deserts, pinion-juniper hills, canyons, dunes, and foothills."
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	"[image] Males perch and patrol along stream-courses, washes, or small clearings."
Non-Habitat	22-25mm
Habitat	NOTE;Often frequents roadside puddles during daytime.
Habitat	"Grassy areas in open woods, by creeks, woods edges, city gardens."
Non-Habitat	" 1.00-1.25"" (2.5-3.2 cm)"
Non-Habitat	30 mm
Non-Habitat	April - November; multiple generations
Habitat	"Foothills, gardens. river forests in plains."
Non-Habitat	"On the same plant, Neptis rivularis oviposits. The female is thought to oviposit on flower buds. "
Non-Habitat	eggs laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	Caterpillar like a large bird dropping
Non-Habitat	"[male] S.E.Cordillera, Dominican Republic, 7000 ft. August."
Habitat	Slopes and ridges with host plant.
Non-Habitat	they will come to light in small numbers
Non-Habitat	26-28 mm
Non-Habitat	24-28 mm (1 5/16-1 1/8 inches)
Habitat	"Upland pastures, openings in coniferous woods, and bogs."
Non-Habitat	caterpillars live in silken leaf nests that sometimes extend underground.
Habitat	"Open, weedy areas."
Habitat	Grassy areas in and above wet tundra.
Non-Habitat	"In Korup a male of this species came to water/urine in camp at 08.30 hrs, settling repeatedly for fractions of a second, wings clicking audibly, a type of behaviour better known in Gretna and Zophopetes."
Non-Habitat	" rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Boggy or scrubby areas dominated by blueberries and other heaths. Often in recovering burns or logged sites.
Non-Habitat	"Being territorial, it darts off to make quick sorties to attack other butterflies"
Non-Habitat	"The female has a well-developed brush of anal hair, which she actively deposits on freshly laid eggs; A. Heath (pers. comm.) observed this at close range and saw the female rubbing the end of the abdomen over the single egg till it was so well camouflaged as to be almost invisible."
Habitat	"Tropical hammocks, river forests, edges."
Non-Habitat	Males furiously patrol an open area of about ten by ten metres in the early morning and are not stopped even by numerous attempts to capture them; they invariably come back to the same patrol pattern.
Non-Habitat	" 2.00-2.75"" (5.1-7.0 cm)"
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground in open sunny areas.
Habitat	" A common and conspicuous garden visitor, adults are readilydrawn to available flowers;  mixed forests, wooded swamps, forest edges,suburban gardens, old fields"
Non-Habitat	Males occasionally visit mud puddles to sip moisture
Non-Habitat	56-90 mm
Non-Habitat	" Flight usually rapid, about a metre abovethe ground, "
Non-Habitat	"Resident [to the Carolinas]; Although common throughout the north and east, itsrange barely enters the extreme western mountains ofthe Carolinas."
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River.
Non-Habitat	20-90 mm
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	 Adults are often encounteredwith a variety of other early season hairstreaks at available flowers.
Non-Habitat	23-32 mm
Non-Habitat	23-29 mm
Non-Habitat	"The habits of the Lesser Crepuscular Skipper are like those of G. waga, where G. waga flies about fast in open areas, rarely landing for more than a few seconds."
Non-Habitat	"it would seem to occur in two broods, one in February to April, the other in July to September. "
Non-Habitat	75-85 mm.
Habitat	Canyons with steep ccliffs in arid mountains.Males perch on sunlit rocks and cliffs.
Habitat	Rocky canyons.
Habitat	Moist meadows.
Habitat	"Limestone ridges in mesquite woodland, foothill ridges. Males establish perches on low vegetation in ridgetop clearings."
Non-Habitat	40-48 mm
Habitat	Small clearings in tropical forests; dry creek beds.
Non-Habitat	roosts in small to large clusters.
Habitat	shale barrens scattered along the Appalachians
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	Both sexes are attracted to flowers. Male butterflies mud-puddle.
Non-Habitat	49-61 mm
Non-Habitat	Zambia- Kasama; Uganda- Bwindi
Habitat	Tidal scrub.
Habitat	"Most coppers are found in sunny, open habitats throughout the temperate zone,"
Non-Habitat	36-46 mm
Habitat	"Mid-grass and tall-grass prairies, foothills."
Non-Habitat	Underside... a leaf-like background
Habitat	Shaded woods.
Non-Habitat	" 1.4-1.7"" (3.6-4.3 cm)"
Non-Habitat	55-80 mm.
Habitat	All of our species are occasionally migratory or regularly change elevations.
Habitat	" Itfrequents open deciduous woodlands and adjacent disturbed areas including utility easements and loggef^sites.;  open woodlands, stream corridors, forestedges, and adjacent dry, open, grassy areas, utilityeasements and previously burned sites"
Habitat	Males perch close to the ground in swales or open weedy areas.
Habitat	richest in the tropics
Habitat	"A very local species of marshes, dunes, and other restricted habitats."
Non-Habitat	"This species is found in the Eastern Cape, Transvaal, Bechuanaland, Rhodesia, and Nyasaland. "
Non-Habitat	Fw 14-15 mm
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Non-Habitat	"The adults flutter with their wings while nectaring and fly with rapid, shallow wingbeats."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground. Females are usually observed flying more slowly close to the food pkant during the morning or around midday.
Non-Habitat	Migrant
Habitat	Wet tundra with dwarf willows.
Non-Habitat	Many species lay their eggs in clusters.
Habitat	Subalpine and alpine meadows.
Habitat	"Rocky Mt. alpineMontane meadows (Calif. and Ore.), sagebrush flats, and alpine rock slides (Rocky Mts.)."
Habitat	Moist canyon bottoms and gulches.
Non-Habitat	Eggs have been seen to be laid on 'Amor seco' (Destnodium)
Non-Habitat	"Probably only one generation completed annually in most years; the flight period varies seasonally but usually lasts for only a few weeks during the wet season, with most adults emerging after the first substantial pre-monsoon rains."
Habitat	" This rare hairstreak is a denizen of Atlanticwhite cedar swamps and adjacent woodlands. Oncecommon along the outer Coastal Plain, much of thisbutterfly's freshwater wetland habitat has already disappeared due to extensive logging, fire suppression,hydrologic alteration, and unabated coastal development. As a result, Hessel's Hairstreak now occurs inisolated, highly localized colonies in  often widelyspaced pockets of remnant habitat.; swamps, bogs and adjacent woodlands"
Non-Habitat	Fast flier
Habitat	Tropical seasonally dry forest and associated edges.
Non-Habitat	Fw 22-24 mm
Non-Habitat	"33-43 m,"
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Non-Habitat	"[male] Holguin, Cuba. "
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	50-60 mm.
Habitat	Flower gardens; tropical scrub and forests.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly swiftly and frequently settle close to the ground.
Non-Habitat	36-40 mm (1 7/16-1 5/8 inches)
Non-Habitat	Adults usually fly in close proximity to the food plant.
Habitat	Open areas near woods or scrub. Most likely to be found in city parks in Northeast.
Habitat	"Scree slopes above timberline, also valley bottoms."
Non-Habitat	35-42 mm
Habitat	Coastal salt and brackish marshes.
Habitat	"Riparian and swampy areas, lake edges"
Habitat	"Widespread in open situations such as power-line cuts, Andropogon fields, moist meadows, etc."
Non-Habitat	"The Vine Leaf Vagrant flies in savannah woodland, often inside the crowns of trees. The flight is quite powerful."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	Larva rests on the leaf upperside. The mature last instar larva leaves the foodplant when pupating.
Non-Habitat	Fw 19-20 mm
Non-Habitat	Many our more tropical representatives rest under leaves when not active.Caterpillars live in rolled leaf or webbed leaf shelters
Habitat	Mountains of Ariz. and sw. N.M.Moist meadows and streamsides in  mountains.
Habitat	"River woods, wooded swamps, city parks, and other wooded situations. Migrants may be found in virtually any location."
Habitat	"Open moist situations, often disturbed."
Habitat	"Disturbed areas in several tropical zones, from sea level to 2000 m."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	" This primarily northeastern skipper isnamed for the two small white spots on the upper surface of the forewing in females.  The Two-SpottedSkipper is rare and highly localized in occurrencewithin the Carolinas, being limited to the AtlanticCoastal Plain.; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Non-Habitat	"Easily identified by itsorange abdomen, the butterfly's bold ventral colorationwarns predators that it is highly distasteful. "
Habitat	"Dry open hillsides, thorn scrub, prairies."
Non-Habitat	will visit lights and sugar bait in small numbers.
Habitat	Openings and glades in boreal woodlands.Adults patrol in glades and bask with open wings on low vegetation.
Habitat	Thorny tropical scrub.
Non-Habitat	flies actively in well-lit forest margins and along forest trails
Non-Habitat	Late April - October; two to three generations; Larvae from last generation overwinter in individual leaf shelters
Non-Habitat	 S Canada and ne. U.S.
Habitat	"Open, sunny, weedy environments."
Non-Habitat	If disturbed they may fly very rapidly.
Non-Habitat	 The male glides slowly above tall tree canopies
Non-Habitat	 generally and locally rare
Habitat	Males… are found along gullies and stream courses
Non-Habitat	50-55 mm
Non-Habitat	"This is a weak butterfly. It is local in western Nigeria, more widespread and common in the east, and in the Oban Hills common even in the gloomiest parts of the forest, flying through the undergrowth with its slow flight, hardly ever settling, except on flowers. Schultze (1920) said that: “… the small, fragile inhabitants of the semidarkness of the understory fly so slowly and so clumsily [soap-bubbles spring to mind] that they are easily caught in flight with the fingers� [translated from the German by the author]."
Non-Habitat	19-25mm
Habitat	"Open deciduous woods and scrub, especially along streams, open fields, and many others."
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	"The flight of the Yellow Hopper is a bounding one, rather slow by skipper standards."
Habitat	"Tropical semideciduous river forest, edges."
Habitat	"[image]Males patrol swales instead of ridgetops.Valley bottoms, flats, and gentle slopes in short-grass prairie, grasslands insagebrush. REMARKS:"
Habitat	Flower gardens in Texas; fields and wood edges in tropics.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 13-14 mm
Non-Habitat	"The behaviour of P. sator and P. edipus seems more or less identical, where P. edipus has a flight that is lower down and weaker than in genera such as Rhabdomantis, Osmodes, and Xanthodisca."
Non-Habitat	"These active butterflies move frequently, visiting flowers for nectar."
Non-Habitat	[image] Females…  lay eggs toward the end of their flight period- often in late summer or early fall.
Non-Habitat	Territorial
Habitat	"This skipper of subtropical and tropical habitats often strays northward where it dies out with the arrival of freezing winters.Open, sunny areas including lawns, fields, levees, etc."
Habitat	"[image] Males are usually seen perching on hilltops… Females are seen most often near their caterpillar hosts — wild lilacs, most often New Jersey Tea. Males are usually found patrolling and perching on ridgetops.Open brushy fields, barrens, prairie hills."
Habitat	"Dry sandy fields, roadsides, old fields, rights of way."
Non-Habitat	65-76 mm
Non-Habitat	FWL: 12-13 mm
Habitat	"[image]Males perch in gullies and just above small streams.Wooded streams in coniferous or mixed forests, aspen parklands."
Non-Habitat	60-65 mm.
Non-Habitat	" Adults have aquick, dancing flight and typically bob among low vegetation."
Non-Habitat	24-30mm
Habitat	"Prefers oak woodlands and nearby clearings, but wanders widely to brushy fields and roadsides in search of flowers at which to nectar. Also congregates at mud puddles."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Open sunny places in a variety of tropical plant formations. Migrants almost anywhere.
Non-Habitat	Females lay their eggs on prostrate plants and dry debris in shaded areas.
Habitat	Males [of S. callippe] patrol hilltops awaiting females; other Speyeria males patrol meadows and hillsides.
Habitat	"Wet woods, usually near streams or swamps."
Non-Habitat	44-70 mm
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	80-99 mm.
Non-Habitat	73-87 mm
Non-Habitat	36-46 mm
Non-Habitat	"1.2-1.6"" (3.0-4.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	[eggs] were laid on overwintering dormant end buds of the foodplants growing on southern slopes
Habitat	"Males perch on low vegetation and spend much time close to the ground. Found in poplar forests and clearings, including the riparian forests along prairie rivers."
Habitat	"Black Spruce—sphagnum bogs often with larch, wet tundra."
Habitat	"Males of our species patrol along streambeds. dirt roads, or relatively bare openings."
Habitat	"Various open places: brushy hills, prairie hills, and weedy pastures."
Habitat	they are often found in old fields and wetlands
Habitat	Seasonal forest or scrub in tropical lowlands.
Non-Habitat	Flies at dusk; rests during daylight.
Habitat	Pine-Oak Barrens
Habitat	"Steep, dry, south-facing slopes with stands of caterpillar host plant. This distinctive butterfly rarely strays from its host plant,"
Habitat	"They collect at mud puddles. The third, Megathyminae, contain the giant yucca skippers. Megathymus yuccae, inhabits western and central Texas and ranges into the Big Thicket, wherever native yuccas grow."
Habitat	"Valleys, desert canyons, and washes."
Habitat	"Old fields ,roadsides, pastures, and landfills in East; tundra in arctic habitats; rocky areas in alpine habitats.The copper's eastern populations are found almost entirely in habitats disturbed by man"
Habitat	" open, disturbed sites including roadsides, oldfields, utility easements and fallow agricultural land"
Non-Habitat	Fly fast but not far.
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, including meadows, sand barrens, hillsides."
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread."
Non-Habitat	"The 3rd-instar makes a cylindrical nest with foodplant leaf pieces biten off, and overwinters in it. Pupae are found on leaf undersides or twigs. "
Non-Habitat	There are about nine species of this genus in Southern Africa.
Non-Habitat	"Males engage in mud-puddling and will also gather on stream banks and at piles of dung. This butterfly frequently visits flowers, including a number of speciesthat it pollinates (such as Kleinia, shown here)."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly or in small groups on host leaves
Non-Habitat	50-61 mm
Habitat	"Acid soil habitats with heath familv plants — barrens, bogs, mixed conifer woods, sandy coasts.[image]usually perch on or near their caterpillar hosts."
Habitat	"Seasonally dry scrub, forest edges, pastures."
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	"[image]The longs snout helps complete the ""dead leaf"" appearance of the butterfly when at rest on twigs or small branches.When resting on twigs, adults resemble dead leaves. The snout (palpi) looks like a leaf petiole."
Habitat	Moist areas along stream courses.
Habitat	"Open areas or edges in or near deserts, seasonally dry tropical forest, or scrub."
Habitat	bog species
Non-Habitat	" 2.5-4.0"" (6.4-10.2 cm)"
Habitat	"The Cross Line Skipper occurs in open areas, grassy roadsides, prairies, old fields, vacant lots, and meadows. It seems to prefer drier habitats than the Tawny-edged Skipper.males selecting sunny sites with grasses or other vegetation from where they dart out at passing objects"
Habitat	At the time of this writing… have declined and are found only in a few hardwood hammocks on the keys.
Habitat	"Flight is rapid and erratic, often in shade.Lowland tropical evergreen or semideciduous forests."
Habitat	"Most prominents are found in mature woodlands, though some also occur in well-established gardens."
Habitat	"Forest openings, roadsides, and power-line cuts."
Non-Habitat	"1.2—1.4"" (3.0-3.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	FWL: 14-18mm
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	20-27mm
Habitat	Edges of moist woodlands.Tropically oriented
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16 mm
Non-Habitat	65-75 mm
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Non-Habitat	"Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Kisaba, Kivu; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi, Echuya, Kibale, Mt Rwenzori"
Non-Habitat	April - July; single generation
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas];
Non-Habitat	45-58 mm
Non-Habitat	FWL: 17-18 mm
Habitat	"Residential areas, weedy fields, thornscrub, edges."
Habitat	"Wooded areas with trees infested with mistletoe: wooded swamps, oak woods, mesquite, etc."
Habitat	"Prairie hills, weedy areas, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	"Males often form large groups comprising more than 10 butterflies when gathering on wet grounds for drinking; The larva usually lives on a foodplant leaf, but moves away from the foodplant for somewhere else when pupating"
Habitat	"arid areasCanyons and hills in deserts, sagebrush, and juniper woodland."
Habitat	Woods.
Non-Habitat	"On the foodplant, the larva spins two leaves together to make a bag-like nest near a branch tip about 0.5-1.5m aboveground level. It rests in the nest, from which it emerges only during night-time to feed on leaves nearby. Pupation also takes place within the nest. "
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	"Many species are crepuscular and can sometimes be found in matingswarms at dusk.  They are rarely attracted to lights, but the introduced LupulinaGhost Moth is an exception."
Habitat	"Open, weedy fields in seasonal lowland tropics."
Non-Habitat	 sip nectar from flowering shrubs and creepers or visit damp patches.
Non-Habitat	" 0.90-1.35"" (2.3-3.4 cm)"
Habitat	open pine woodlands
Non-Habitat	"The species is strongly migratory and colonized the Canary Islands in the 1960s. The largest migration yet observed was in Botswana, where a conservative estimate was that at least 1.5 billion individuals crossed the country in an east-northeasterly direction in the course of 30 days during April and May 1991."
Non-Habitat	33-37 mm
Habitat	"Desert grassland, pinyon-junipcr woodland."
Non-Habitat	FWL:26-32mm
Non-Habitat	55-69 mm
Habitat	"A variety of situations—rocky and sandy exposed hillsides near streams or  gullies in north; pine flatwoods, towns, and citrus groves in the South.[image] often found in southern gardens"
Non-Habitat	 Abutterfly of the southern U.S.. it regularly expands itsrange northward each summer.
Habitat	Openings in subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	Moist tundra.
Habitat	"Open areas: fields, dunes, pinewoods, roadsides."
Habitat	"[image] Most often found in sunny forest openings or in fields near forests.Open woodland and fields, generally more boreal than other eastern cloudywings."
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly very rapidly in sunny openings such as clearings or along edges of the forest, occasionally descending from the canopy to feed from flowers, pausing momentarily at each flower with wings constantly vibrating."
Non-Habitat	"It has a rapid, erratic flight."
Non-Habitat	flies inn open areas
Non-Habitat	This subspecies settles on flowers or damp mud.
Habitat	"Roadsides, wood edges, trails, etc."
Non-Habitat	it rest with its wings open on the leaf underside
Non-Habitat	"The observed female flew slowly around the foodplant about 6m above ground level, and perched on a leaf 2-3m above ground level to lay eggs, one at a time, on the underside of the leaf. "
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is unusual in that it periodically migrates to locations south of its normal range.
Habitat	"[image] adults spend most of their time perching on or near Bearberry, also called Kinnikinnick, a matlike shrub.Sunny glades in barrens, dunes, forest edges, rocks ridges."
Non-Habitat	"Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu, Kwidjwe Island; Rwanda- Unspecified locality;Uganda- Bwindi, Mafuga, Mt Rwenzori"
Non-Habitat	23-29 mm
Non-Habitat	18-25mm
Habitat	Open woods or forest edges.
Habitat	"Lightly disturbed areas, scrub."
Habitat	[image] live in moister habitats [than Gorgone Checkerspot] along streams and moist meadows.Openings near stream courses; second-growth scrub.
Habitat	Cedar glades and woodlands.
Non-Habitat	About one hundred and twenty species of Hesperiidae occur in Southern Africa.
Non-Habitat	"The flight is fast and winding, and is at its most impressive when the huge butterfly dives down from the canopy with the wings held quite still at an angle of 40°.  In Kakum the canopy can be overlooked from the old park headquarters, where it forms a kind of bowl with a diameter of 150 metres or so. Between 10.00 and 12.00 hrs of most days, two or three males used the bowl as a parade ground, swooping up and down, frequently engaging in spirited fights."
Non-Habitat	Adults have a low. rapid flight andare easily disturbed.
Habitat	"[image] often found in gardens and fields.Open, disturbed areas: landfills, lawns, pastures, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground during sunshine.
Non-Habitat	Late May-Early August
Habitat	Barren rocky areas.
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, erratic flight and frequentlystop to nectar at available flowers"
Habitat	"Males of our species patrol along streambeds. dirt roads, or relatively bare openings."
Non-Habitat	April - October; two generations
Habitat	"Old fields ,roadsides, pastures, and landfills in East; tundra in arctic habitats; rocky areas in alpine habitats.The copper's eastern populations are found almost entirely in habitats disturbed by man"
Habitat	Tundra and subarctic bogs.
Non-Habitat	Oviposition is on the leaves of the larval host plant.
Non-Habitat	" Adults havelow, erratic flight but regularly stop to nectar at available flowers."
Habitat	Barren rocky areas.
Non-Habitat	55-60 mm
Non-Habitat	24-33 mm
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Lowland tropical riparian forest, city parks."
Habitat	"Deciduous broadleaf forests, edges, and river valleys."
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies
Non-Habitat	44-47 mm
Habitat	mostly found in woodlands and old fields.
Non-Habitat	caterpillars live within webbed leaf shelters.
Non-Habitat	32-38 mm
Non-Habitat	28mm
Habitat	[image]Dry-season form individuals of tropical yellows spend much time resting in the shadeEdges of brushy fields and forest.
Non-Habitat	April - October; two generations
Habitat	" It occasionallyvisits home gardens.; open, grassy areas including roadsides, utilityeasements, old fields, meadows and forest edges"
Non-Habitat	21-28 mm
Non-Habitat	Males [of S. callippe] patrol hilltops awaiting females; other Speyeria males patrol meadows and hillsides.
Habitat	" open woodlands, forest clearings, forest edges,roadsides, utility easements and old fields;  along trails or clearings;  It readily visits nearbygardens"
Habitat	Oak woodlands and brush.Males perch on hilltops in western part of its range.
Non-Habitat	28-36 mm
Non-Habitat	resemblance to dried leaves when at rest
Non-Habitat	Several eggs are laid together on the underside of a foodplant leaf.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 17-19 mm
Non-Habitat	It flies actively about 2-5m above ground level.
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid on the leaf upperside
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Non-Habitat	Colotis etrida is an Oriental species.
Non-Habitat	 0.90-1.25'' (2.3-3.2 cm)
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	This species is found in Madagascar.
Habitat	"Shady, wooded areas near small streams leading into swamps."
Non-Habitat	The newly hatched larva rests on the leaf upperside. Pupation takes place on a small twig.
Non-Habitat	"Feed from flowers, such as Leptospermum, Lantana, Buddleja and daisies."
Non-Habitat	"Members of this genus have a relatively slow flight for skippers, always low down."
Habitat	" open areas within woodlands, pine barrens, utility easements and recently cleared or burned sites;  On the wing for a singlespring flight, look for it in clearings, disturbed areas orother grassy sites in close association with stands ofits larval hosts"
Habitat	usually found in arid or boreal habitats.
Habitat	"Wet meadows, marshes, bogs."
Non-Habitat	"Burundi- Unspecified locality; Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu Mts; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi, Echuya, Mafuga"
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16-17 mm
Habitat	"associated with forests or adjacent open areas, often along stream courses."
Habitat	" It is fond of open, sunny locationswith low-growing vegetation and may be an occasionalgarden visitor.;  fields, pastures, roadsides, fallow agriculturalland, gardens, open pineland, disturbed sites"
Non-Habitat	"Adults spend much of their time perched onhost branches, often high above the ground, but frequently venture down to nectar at nearby blossoms orsip moisture at damp soil."
Non-Habitat	34-50 mm
Non-Habitat	21-33mm
Habitat	Seasonally dry tropical forests.
Habitat	Oak woodlands.
Habitat	Waste areas.
Habitat	"Dry roadsides and fields, usually near open woodlands."
Non-Habitat	"A lazy slow-flying rather sedentary butterfly, easily caught"
Non-Habitat	"Tanzania (National Endemic)- Usondo, Uvinza"
Habitat	Tropical and subtropical woods and edges.
Non-Habitat	38-51 mm
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo- Kahusha; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	"This subspecies is generally on the wing during the NW Monsoon period, and it most commonly seen between January and April. "
Non-Habitat	Courtship and egg-laying occurs in the spring after hibernation.Eggs are laid in clusters
Habitat	"prairiesOpen grassy areas in an incredibly wide array of habitats and biomes.Not found in deserts… or prairies south of S.D.Adults are most often seen flying low through sunny grassy areas, but  they periodically stop to nectar at flowers, especially in hot, arid habitats."
Habitat	"Sphagnum bogs, sedge bogs."
Non-Habitat	75-82 mm
Non-Habitat	" 0.75-1.25"" (1.9-3.2 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"The flight of this species is faster and higher above the ground than that of the small Pardaleodes, more reminiscent of Osmodes, though not as powerful."
Habitat	Tropical scrub and associated edges.
Habitat	Salt marshes.
Non-Habitat	25-38
Habitat	"Wet meadows, marshes, bogs."
Non-Habitat	"flitting around trees, back and forth, suggesting a policeman on patrol"
Non-Habitat	May - September; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	60-66 mm
Non-Habitat	Resident [of the Carolinas]
Habitat	Canyons with steep ccliffs in arid mountains.Males perch on sunlit rocks and cliffs.
Non-Habitat	"The distribution of this butterfly is the entire Afrotropical region including the islands of Mauritius, Comoros, Réunion and Rodrigues. In Seychelles it has been recorded on the islands of Mahe, La Digue, Aride, and Cousine. This subspecies is widespread and common across most of the Afrotropical region."
Habitat	At the time of this writing… have declined and are found only in a few hardwood hammocks on the keys.
Habitat	Open woods and wood edges.
Non-Habitat	Fw 22-23 mm
Habitat	associated with ravines and narrow coulees.
Habitat	Males of our species perch and patrol in  open habitats
Non-Habitat	"From the middle instar onwards, it rests on a small twig at the base of leaves. Pupation takes place on a twig in suspensi retaining an angle of about 45 degrees. "
Habitat	Found in woodlands and larger gardens
Non-Habitat	53-65 mm
Non-Habitat	55-65 mm
Habitat	"Most common in  pine barrens, this elfin can also be found in deciduous woodlands with groves of white pine."
Habitat	"Woods, brushy fields, wooded rivercourses."
Habitat	"Seasonally dry scrub, forest edges, pastures."
Non-Habitat	37-45 mm
Habitat	Black Spruce-sphagnum bogs.
Habitat	"low- to midelevation in mountains Lower canyons, desert hills, chaparral, pine forests. Males usually patrol on hilltops or along ridges."
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid in batches of 20-30 on the leaf underside.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	28-33mm
Habitat	"Rocky slopes and canyons, levees."
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Habitat	Residential areas and gardens.
Non-Habitat	"the larva of this species makes a rod-like extention made of frass pellets at the apex of a leaf, and rests there in early instars. In winter, the larva makes a silken pad for resting at a twig bifurcation point nearby the leaf which it has finished eating except for the midvein, and stays there. "
Non-Habitat	"A fast-flying, powerful and noticeable butterfly of drylands and semidesert regions. Tends to fly fairly high and purposefully, but can also be found visiting flowering bushes (Cadaba, Maerua) and wildflowers."
Habitat	"Dry open areas,including weedy fields, sandy coastal flats, and hillsides."
Non-Habitat	" 1.3-2.0"" (3.3-5.1 cm)"
Habitat	Forest edges and openings: road edges. Middle elevations in tropics.
Non-Habitat	"Single Common Darts of both sexes are found in the undergrowth of forest and secondary growth, flitting from leaf to leaf, being infuriatingly difficult to catch."
Habitat	" A butterfly of open, dry habitats, theDusted Skipper is uncommon and typically quite localized in occurrence.; dry habitats including open woodlands, barrens,utility easements and old fields"
Non-Habitat	In all habitats it requires plentiful spring nectar plants; feed on flowers such as Common-Bird's-foot-trefoil or Bugle.
Non-Habitat	Flies high and swiftly.vagrant… migrant
Non-Habitat	"This butterfly is seen all year round, but most common from November to January. It is most active in early morning. "
Non-Habitat	March - Early November; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly very rapidly, usually close to the ground."
Habitat	Open headlands and low hills with heath vegetation.
Non-Habitat	 1.00-1.25'' (2.5-3.2 cm)
Non-Habitat	It moves swiftly along forest paths and trails
Habitat	"[from Fulvia Checkerspot as directed by guide] Prairie hills, foothills, rocky ridgetops."
Habitat	Oak-pine woodland.
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid one laid one by one on the leaf apex.
Non-Habitat	 currently undocumented
Non-Habitat	Both male and female visit flowers and feed on nectar.
Habitat	"s. Va. (mountains). Moist, open areas: prairie swales, streams, marshes, woods edges."
Habitat	Found in weedy areas and gardens.
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be common locally"
Non-Habitat	"According to Satoshi Koiwaya, pupation takes place in a space between a few live foodplant leaves spun together with silk."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Clearings or edges in wet or swampy woods.
Non-Habitat	Fw 19-23 mm
Non-Habitat	23-25mm
Non-Habitat	80-90 mm
Habitat	"Open, grassy fields, pastures, roadsides."
Habitat	"Damp woods, stream edges, gardens, and old fields. Males perch a meter or so above ground in sunny spots. The females, when not actively flying, tend to be in more shaded sites."
Habitat	"Tropical semideciduous river forest, edges."
Non-Habitat	"Both male and female actively fly, not leaving grassy fields where the foodplant grows."
Habitat	Wet areas near deciduous woods or streams.
Non-Habitat	"Its eggs are laid on end buds of shrubs about 2-3m in height, which grow on sunny mountain slopes, are much smaller than those of Chrysozephyrus spp. "
Habitat	"Mixed oak scrub, prairie valleys, hedgerows."
Habitat	Stream valleys with dry scrub or scattered forest.
Non-Habitat	Males are fast fliersfemales are less vigorous fliers
Non-Habitat	My Ankasa female was flying relatively slowly.
Habitat	"Subtropical scrub, woodland"
Habitat	"Wet, open woods along rivers and streams. open swamps; sometimes dry woods and ridge tops."
Habitat	Wet tundra and rock slides.
Habitat	"HABITAT: OjTen fields, scrub, wood edges."
Habitat	Shrubby arctic or alpine tundra with patches of sedges
Habitat	" Found mostly in woodlands, fields, and gardens,"
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Habitat	"Most often juniper or pinyon-juniper woodlands, but oak woodland and chaparral in  lowland Calif."
Habitat	"[image] much more likely to be found in native grasslands and prairies than its close relative, the Crossline Skipper. Lawns, pastures, vacant lots, prairie swales."
Non-Habitat	"The larva spins shelters, as do the Coeliades."
Non-Habitat	Females prefer to lay eggs on tall foodplants (30-50cm) and rarely select patches 10-30cm tall (never patches under 10cm). The eggs are laid in groups up to 15 whicch are deposited deep in the flower sheaths of Torgrass.
Non-Habitat	26-32 mmm
Habitat	"Rich Canadian and transition zone woods, aspen parklands."
Non-Habitat	32-38 mm
Habitat	"Intermountain West, prairies, and plains east to sw. Iowa (L. m. melissa), isolated pine barrensPine-oak barrens in East (L. m. samuelis), prairies, open weedy areas in West (L. m. melissa)."
Habitat	"moist, open woodlands, forest edges, wetlands, roadsides, pastures, old fields and gardens;  It regularly explores areas adjacent to its preferred moistwoodland habitat;  It is not commonlyencountered in home gardens. Males perch on lowgrowing vegetation in sunny areas for females."
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Non-Habitat	65-75 mm.
Non-Habitat	 eggs laid singly and somewhat haphazardly near host leaves
Non-Habitat	"The newly hatched larva spins unfolding buds to make a nest in which it rests. A grown larva folds a leaf in two halves which are spun together to make a nest, and feeds on the same leaf from the tip while resting inside the nest."
Habitat	" It is aninhabitant of open pine woodlands that support its larval host;  dry woodlands, pinelands and scrub"
Habitat	"Open areas, marshes, seeps, sand plains."
Habitat	Wet tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	70-86 mm
Habitat	" Flying only in early spring, and oftenhighly localized, the butterfly rarely ventures far frompopulations of Its larval host;  rich, moist deciduous woodlands, forest edges,and adjacent meadows or open areas;  colonize nearby scattered patches ofavailable woodland or second growth forest"
Habitat	"In Fla., hammocks and scrub at sea level"
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Non-Habitat	"I saw the female lay eggs on an unidentified Annonaceae at Boabeng-Fiema. The female selected unfurled shoots and laboriously forced the leaves apart with her abdomen, so that the egg was hidden from sight when the leaves shut tight again."
Non-Habitat	"Pyrrhochalcia have a more measured, buzzing flight."
Habitat	"Wooded streams, forest glades, towns."
Non-Habitat	Fw 14 mm
Non-Habitat	Flies up to mountain ridges and peaks.
Non-Habitat	" Adultshave a strong, gliding flight and are often quite wary."
Habitat	"Subtropical woods, city flower gardens."
Habitat	"Open fields and valleys, power-line rights of way, brushy pastures."
Habitat	Wood edges and roadsides.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16-18mm
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a rapid, erratic flight"
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	Open moist tundra.
Non-Habitat	fast-flying
Habitat	often found in damp woodlands
Non-Habitat	"In Hispaniola, Porto Rico, Jamaica, the Cayman Islands and the Lesser Antilles, though with a good deal of overlapping, the sedentary subspecies megalippe Huebner 1819 replaces [D. p. plexippus]. ...The Jamaican population is typical of this subspecies. ...in the Lesser Antilles females often have a grey-brown or pale grey upperside ground colour ([female]-f. leucogyne Butler 1884) though the males are indistinguishable from normal megalippe."
Non-Habitat	"Both male and female actively fly in and around forested areas in the morning and evening, when the temperature is cool. "
Non-Habitat	"Like other Swordtails this species will frequently alight on damp mud, vibrating its wings as it quenches its thirst. "
Habitat	[image] This is a widespread skipper of tall- and midgrass prairies. It is an excellent indicator of undisturbed prairie conditions. Tall-grass prairie.
Non-Habitat	This species has been recorded both north and south of the Limpopo River.
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Habitat	"Open woods, parks, vicinity of rivers."
Non-Habitat	28-36 mm
Non-Habitat	23-28mm
Habitat	Forest edges and cutover second growth.
Non-Habitat	"Adults feed from flowers, including Boronia and Dasypogon. "
Habitat	Wood edges at low or midelevations.
Habitat	"Pastures, roadsides, city parks, grassy areas near woods.Males perch on vegetation"
Non-Habitat	110-130 mm.
Non-Habitat	Caterpillars are said to be gregarious but to rest solitarily in leaf shelters.
Habitat	Pinewoods.
Habitat	"Openings in subtropical scrub, forest edges, and adjacent fields."
Non-Habitat	"Weak, hopping flight close to the ground"
Habitat	"mixed conifer forests… dominated by pines, hemlock, spruce, birches, poplars, and a few oaks"
Habitat	Tropical forests.
Habitat	"Small clearings in tropical woodlands; weedy areas in parks, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	22-25mm
Non-Habitat	The flight of this species is always low down.
Non-Habitat	This species settles on flowers.
Habitat	"Desert washes, low ridges, openings in moist thorn scrub."
Non-Habitat	"Although it is widespread in the Southeast, it is generally rare and encountered only in small, localizedcolonies; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Non-Habitat	This species generally stays low down.
Habitat	"Open fields and valleys, power-line rights of way, brushy pastures."
Non-Habitat	32—43 mm (I I/4-I 3/4 inches)
Habitat	Arid subtropical chaparral.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly close to the ground.
Non-Habitat	" Although widespread throughout theNortheast, this lovely tawny orange skipper has anextremely restricted range within our area, being limited solely to the western mountains of North Carolina; Resident [to the Carolinas]"
Habitat	"Sparse, open woods."
Habitat	"Usually in woods, along woodland edges, or by streams and rivers."
Non-Habitat	[image] The caterpillars are unusual in that they cut out circular pieces of plants which they carry over themselves.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Oak woodlands.Males perch on hilltops.
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. East Sayan."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	 salt marshes and adjacent coastal areas
Habitat	[image]  often in sun-dappled situations.Lowland scrub and seasonally dry forest edges.
Habitat	"Woods near rivers, swamps, marshes, moist woods, etc."
Habitat	hardwood hammocks dominated by a mixture of tropical hardwoods… and associated small openings
Habitat	Tidal scrub.
Non-Habitat	Both perching and patrolling mate-location strategies occur
Habitat	"Foothill canyons, wooded streams, forest glades, towns, plantings on prairie.Adult males court in late afternoon. At other times they may be found resting on leaves or tree trunks, often high in trees."
Non-Habitat	Flies steadily with shallow wingbeats.[image] The species spreads northward in the summer
Non-Habitat	"1.75-2.40"" (4.4-6.1 cm)"
Habitat	"Conifer forests, often old growth, digger pine, true fir, and others have been reportedspends much time in the canopy of tall conifers."
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Habitat	"In boreal N. Amer.Subarctic and montane slopes and peaks, alpine tundra, meadows, open plains, railyards.Males patrol ridges and hilltops."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 18-19mm
Habitat	"In tropics, seen especially at mid-elevation forests."
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- N. Kivu; Uganda- Bwindi, Echuya, Mafuga"
Non-Habitat	Mid March - Late October; multiple generations
Habitat	Broadleaf evergreen swamp forests and wet woods near rivers.
Non-Habitat	60-70 mm.
Habitat	"a number of sites where Yucca smalliana has become established.Yuccas are often found established or persisting on abandoned farmyard sites, in cemeteries, and other places in southern Illinois, providing suitable habitat for the Yucca Skipper. Because of this, the possibility of the skipper eventually reaching Illinois is highDisturbed areas and roadsides, old homesteads and cemeteries where the larval host Yucca filamentosa and smalliana have become established."
Habitat	isolated pine barrensPine-oak barrens in East
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Moist meadows, aspen parklands, and prairies.In West restricted to native habitats, although in East expanding south and east in pastures, hay meadows, and roadsides."
Non-Habitat	35-38 mm
Habitat	"Moist woods along rivers, wooded swamps, and pine flatwoods. Sea level to 1500 ft. (450 m)."
Habitat	"Open subtropical woods, edges."
Non-Habitat	come flying to the not so high leaves
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Habitat	" rich, deciduous woodlands, stream corridors,forest edges, woodland clearings and adjacent openbrushy areas"
Habitat	Tropical and subtropical woodlands.
Habitat	"Tropical thorn scrub, dry riverbeds, abandoned fields."
Habitat	Low damp fields and pastures.
Habitat	"Open marshes, bogs, and swamps."
Habitat	Seasonally wet and dry tropical forest and associated edges.
Non-Habitat	23-25 mm.
Non-Habitat	 currently undocumented
Non-Habitat	"adults fly near the ground, and are fond of settlingon stones."
Habitat	"Open sunny areas, including lawns,fields, levees, etc."
Habitat	"Subarctic bogs, taiga openings, and arctic tundra."
Habitat	A local species of forests.
Non-Habitat	There are three species of this genus in Southern Africa.
Habitat	Open pine-barrens bogs in New Jersey; grass savannas in open pine woods farther south.
Non-Habitat	"This species is distributed throughout the Afrotropical region including Madagascar, Comoros and Seychelles, where a single sighting has been recorded on Aldabra Atoll. The Mocker Swallowtail is widespread across the Afrotropical region, with about 13 described subspecies. Sexual dimorphism is generally marked in the continental subspecies, where females are polymorphic and normally without tails. However, females of the subspecies antinorii (Ethiopia and Somalia), meriones (Madagascar) and humbloti (Comoros) resemble the males. "
Habitat	Tundra ridges or flat areas below summits.
Non-Habitat	April - October; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	"When disturbed, it withdraws to sit on a tree-trunk or branch in a typical Oakleaf-like head-down position to remain camouflaged"
Non-Habitat	" 1.75-2.40"" (4.4-6.1 cm)"
Non-Habitat	larvae in nests are found on foodplant leaves about 50cm above ground level
Habitat	Tropical woods.
Habitat	"Grassy areas in open woods, by creeks, woods edges, city gardens."
Non-Habitat	Flies fast
Non-Habitat	The larvaeconstruct individual shelters on the host by foldingover leaves with silk.
Habitat	have their major populations limited to the pine scrub on Big Pine Key
Habitat	"Second-growth scrub, forest edges."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 20-24 mm
Non-Habitat	[image] rapid flight
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	"woods, glades"
Habitat	Open woodland.
Habitat	Edges and fields near woods and scrub.
Habitat	"Found in close association with low Acanthus family  plants.Open fields, shaded forest edges, and second growth in  tropical and subtropical lowlands."
Habitat	"Mesquite thorn scrub, town gardens, and waste areas"
Non-Habitat	"The fact that apollo can survive sudden temperature changes and snowstorms...is due to the presence of glycerides in its body, also found or easily formed in the larva (possible also in pupa). As in some Lycaenidae fs. apollo has its own ""anti-freeze."" It has a distinctive intimidation-defense behavior when it is disturbed while resting in that it ""blinks"" with is hw, eye-spots, which it covers and uncovers using fws. At the same time it produces a hissing snake-like sound by scraping its back legs against to basal area of the wing (stridulation phenomenon).; Employs osmaterium infrequently, the yellow fork appears only after coarse handling.; Full-grown larva is velvety-black, short-haired, and with a row of orange, nearly-luminous spots on its sides and with small, strong blue ""warts"" on its back: obviously colors of warning."
Habitat	"open, disturbed sites including roadsides,vacant fields, agricultural land, parks and gardens;  The Sleepy Orange isa frequent garden visitor;"
Habitat	"Open fields with flowers, coastal scrub."
Habitat	"Sunny flats and slope in mountains.  Adults spend much time at flowers such as  dogbane, mountain snowbush, and orange milkweed."
Non-Habitat	"When endangered, it assumes a characteristic warning posture with raised thorax, a quivering palpitration of forelegs and extroversion of the osmaterium. "
Habitat	Our Asterocampas usually live in forests or along rivers. When they wander they may be found in cities or suburbs.often perch very high on branches of their host trees.
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid one by one on the upperside of a young leaf
Habitat	"Prairies, intermittent streamcourses, wooded marshes, open weedy areas, pastures, vacantlots, roadsides."
Habitat	The males perch on the ground or on large rocks
Non-Habitat	FWL: 22-26mm
Habitat	"open woodlands, forest edges and clearings,roadsides, moist woodland depressions;  Adults scurry lowto the ground along forest trails or margins"
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, including old fields, openings, prairie hills, barrens, and power-line rights of way."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly very rapidly usually close to the ground.
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Habitat	"Open areas with closely cropped vegetation, pastures, dunes, road verges."
Non-Habitat	90-100 mm.
Habitat	"[from Fulvia Checkerspot as directed by guide] Prairie hills, foothills, rocky ridgetops."
Non-Habitat	Some migratory capacity seems indicated (as in C. libeon); it has been seen five km off the coast of Senegal coming to lights at a ship (R. de Jong pers. obs.). The flight is fast and powerful.
Non-Habitat	"This species is migratory and fast flying. A migration of ‘A. neander’ was recorded from Calabar on 17 March 1986 from 17.20 for one hour with 400 m front with a speed of (at least) 43 kilometres an hour; the direction was from the north-northwest (Ried, Künzel, & Künzel 1986). Most likely this was also A. gander. On 15 April 1916 a huge flight to the southwest flew through Metet in Cameroun."
Habitat	"limited in their occurrence to unplowed tall-grass prairie, mainly in preserves."
Non-Habitat	" Living up to its name, adults have a low, erraticflight and scurry quickly around, periodically stoppingto perch or nectar."
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional to common locally"
Non-Habitat	40-60 mm.
Habitat	"Foothill canyons, wooded streams, forest glades, towns, plantings on prairie.Adult males court in late afternoon. At other times they may be found resting on leaves or tree trunks, often high in trees."
Habitat	"Montane forests, sunny slopes, and meadows.Males patrol ridges ridges and hillsides."
Habitat	not restricted to canebrakes
Non-Habitat	Several generations completed annually.
Non-Habitat	 Sometimes found taking nectar from flowers duringdaytime.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	Adults have a flap-and-glide flight
Habitat	"Near streams in  moist, lowland tropical forests, especially associated edges and openings."
Habitat	Tropical scrub and seasonal forest.
Habitat	"In Alberta, H. c. manitoba is essentially a mountain creature. Adults are found in mountain meadows, along roads and other clearings at elevations below tree line."
Habitat	[image]The inland subspecies zizaniae [is] associated with wild ricefreshwater marshesFreshwater and brackish marshes with tall grasses.In our area found at edges of freshwater lakesin Neb. sandhills.
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies
Habitat	"open, moist, grassy areas, wet meadows, pinesavannas, roadsides"
Habitat	limited to hardwood hammocks.
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid in palm-trunk crevices;
Habitat	"Open fields, valleys, and slopes."
Non-Habitat	It flies rapidly and cannot be easily captured
Non-Habitat	"One species, the Monarch, undergoes dramatic migrations"
Habitat	Hills and mountains in a  wide variety of habitats.
Non-Habitat	"Resident [to the Carolinas];  This large checkerspot is a spotty but oftenlocally common resident, primarily limited to the western mountainous portions of the Carolinas."
Non-Habitat	24-30 mm
Non-Habitat	Fw 10-11 mm
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid on oaks, usually small saplings. Red oak group species are favored as larval hosts."
Non-Habitat	"Theyfeed at sap flows, rotting fruit, decaying vegetation,fungi and dung."
Non-Habitat	Widespread
Habitat	"Limestone ridges in mesquite woodland, foothill ridges. Males establish perches on low vegetation in ridgetop clearings."
Non-Habitat	The adult flies weakly in only dimly-lit forest
Non-Habitat	62-67 mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	"Low deserts, foothills, suburbs, gardens, second-growth fields."
Habitat	"Salt marshes, open fields, dunes."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	"Open waste areas, roadsides, and weedy pastures."
Non-Habitat	Spialia ploetzi tends to fly higher above the ground than the savannah species.
Habitat	"Streamcourses, woodland glades, city parks, swamp forests. Migrants are seen in a  wide variety of habitats."
Non-Habitat	35-48 mm
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid on a twig on a sapling only 1m high as well as on a tree as tall as 10m.
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	"Open, sunny areas: road edges, vacant lots, agricultural areas."
Habitat	Open woods and wood edges.
Habitat	"usually in mountainous areas or foothillsOak woodland, desert chaparral, canyons, alpine tundra, rocky slopes and flats, prairie hills,weedy areas, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	The female lays eggs one by one on the leaf underside.
Habitat	"Pine barrens, oak savannah, open sandy scrub."
Non-Habitat	"Uganda (National endemic)- Bwindi, Kalinzu-Maramagambo, Kasyoha-Kitomi, Kibale"
Habitat	found in most tropical regionsFreshly emerged males gather in groups at moist sand along rivers and streams.
Habitat	[resricted to] upper margins of salt marshes along the coast
Non-Habitat	Sailing or swift flight close to the ground
Non-Habitat	Adults fly very rapidly usually close to the ground near the food plant.
Non-Habitat	Pupation is within a silken leaf shelter
Habitat	shaded riparian surrounded by unrelenting sun and heat mainly in wildlands.
Habitat	"Damp subalpine streamsides, acid bogs, taiga."
Habitat	shale barrens scattered along the Appalachians
Habitat	"Males patrol ridges and hilltops.Subarctic and montane slopes and peaks, open plains, railyards."
Habitat	"Oak woodland, glades along streams."
Non-Habitat	14-18 mm
Non-Habitat	"Several larvae rested dispersedly in the tree, somehow in balance with the amount of leaves. "
Habitat	"prairiesOpen grassy areas in an incredibly wide array of habitats and biomes.Not found in deserts… or prairies south of S.D.Adults are most often seen flying low through sunny grassy areas, but  they periodically stop to nectar at flowers, especially in hot, arid habitats."
Habitat	Canebreaks in dense southern woodlands.
Habitat	"Open grassy slopes, mountain meadows."
Habitat	Open moist tundra.
Non-Habitat	25-35 mm
Non-Habitat	"The flight is low down, fast, and direct. R. St. Leger (pers. comm.) once saw a huge migration, exclusively of this species, near Sokoto in Nigeria."
Habitat	"open, disturbed sites including roadsides, old fields, pastures, utility easements and gardens"
Habitat	"Open, grassy areas: lawns, landfills, marshes, power-line rights of way."
Non-Habitat	April - May;  single generation
Non-Habitat	" 1.5-2.5"" (3.8-6.4 cm)"
Habitat	Tundra and willow bogs in taiga.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16-22 mm
Habitat	"Desert grassland, pinyon-juniper woodland."
Habitat	Willow bogs in taiga
Habitat	"Open scrubby areas, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	Milkweed family and sequester various chemicals thatrender them and the resulting adults highly distastefulto certain predators. The rich mahogany and black coloration advertises their unpalatability.
Non-Habitat	 readily stop tonectar.
Non-Habitat	 currently undocumented
Habitat	"Wet woods, usually near streams or swamps."
Non-Habitat	"A fast-flying, powerful butterfly that moves swiftly and purposefully. It is difficult to approach, as it is very nervous when on flowers. Engages in mud-puddling and sometimes pauses to rest on the ground."
Habitat	"Moist pastures, marshes, wet areas near woods.Local and altitudinal movements are not well understoodMales establish perches on hilltops where available."
Habitat	Hardwood hammocks in s. Fla.; river forests in seasonally dry tropics.
Non-Habitat	32-40 mm
Non-Habitat	currently undocumented
Habitat	"Open, weedy areas."
Habitat	"Prairie ravines, canyon bottoms."
Habitat	"often seen on tree leavesWoodlands, especially near watercourses or wet areas with alders. Adults can sometimes be found sunning themselves in woodland glades in the late afternoon."
Non-Habitat	19-25 mm
Non-Habitat	"June - August; two generations;  Unlike most butterflies, the adults areactive even on overcast days and often fly late into theevening."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo- Mt Muhi; Rwanda-Nyungwe; Uganda- Echuya
Habitat	"Open, moist situations amid arid zones."
Habitat	"Sagebrush flats, prairies, aspen parkland, mountain summits."
Non-Habitat	" 1.0-1.5"" (2.5-3.8 cm)"
Non-Habitat	The reason for the scarcity of the forest species is possibly that they fly high in the canopy.
Non-Habitat	flies through lower space above ground and settles underside of leaves of plants.
Non-Habitat	The eggs are laid sometimes in a batch of 3 layers comprising several tens to 300.
Habitat	"Open grassy areas from small openings to large meadows, sometimes wet with sedges and rank grasses."
Non-Habitat	Strong flier
Non-Habitat	Larvae live within shelters formed by tying rolled leaves with silk.Pupation is within a closed rolled leaf.
Habitat	"Thorn scrub, beach dunes, second growth, pastures, etc."
Non-Habitat	"rare generally, but may be occasional locally"
Habitat	Lowland tropical scrub.
Non-Habitat	Males patrol with a slow searching flight through grasses in search of females
Habitat	"Foothills, short-grass prairie valleys.A typical short-grass prairie species."
Habitat	"wet meadows, bogs, stream margins, marshes"
Non-Habitat	Caterpillars fashion a tight refuge by folding leaves together and stitching them with silk. Pupation occurs within the leaf shelter. Larvae of the autumn brood hibernate through the winter; those hatching earlier in the year develop immediately.
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a quick, darting flight and are frequentlydrawn to available flowers."
Habitat	Openings and glades in subarctic woodlands[image] Found in sunlit openings in forests or along streams.
Non-Habitat	The larva...makes a rod-like extenstion with frass pellets and rests there when not feeding. Pupae are found on leaf undersides or twigs.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 21-22 mm
Non-Habitat	The early instar larvae are brown with a white saddle and are marvelously camouflaged as bird droppings.
Habitat	Found mostly around wetlands
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid singly on cane foliage
Habitat	"Deciduous broadleaf forests, edges, and river valleys."
Non-Habitat	30-50 mm (1 1/4-2 inches)
Habitat	"usually in mountainous areas or foothillsOak woodland, desert chaparral, canyons, alpine tundra, rocky slopes and flats, prairie hills,weedy areas, roadsides."
Non-Habitat	" In PNG, ziska is 1 of the more widespread and locally common species of its genus, although it is rare generally"
Non-Habitat	47-59 mm
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly relatively slowly and less erratically than other swallowtails, but if disturbed they may fly rapidly. Males frequently patrol the breeding habitat in search of females. Females fly closer to the ground searching for suitable food plants on which to lay their eggs."
Non-Habitat	I saw three females laying eggs on Fagara macrophylla at Korup.
Non-Habitat	12-20mm
Habitat	Tundra.
Habitat	"Weedy fields, roadsides, wood edges."
Non-Habitat	" A common and conspicuous garden visitor, adults are readilydrawn to available flowers. Males often congregate inlarge numbers at mud puddles or moist ground"
Non-Habitat	"The female perches around the center of a foodplant leaf, and moves backwards until its abdominal end reaches the leaf apex, where it lays an egg."
Non-Habitat	The female lays an egg at a time on upperside of the apex of a foodplant leaf.
Non-Habitat	This species may be attracted to flowers or damp mud.
Non-Habitat	" laid singly on flower buds, flowers orimmature fruit of host"
Habitat	"Wooded streams, forest glades, towns."
Habitat	Deciduous woods and nearby openings or edges.
Habitat	Short-grass prairie or similar grasslands with areas of bare soil.
Habitat	"Open waste areas, roadsides, and weedy pastures."
Non-Habitat	attracted to lights in small numbers.
Non-Habitat	"Adult flight is rapid and erratic. Males are territorial, perching on conspicuous objects, from which they dart out at passing buiterllies seeking conspecific females receptive to mating. If unsuccessful, males usually return to the same perch."
Habitat	Pine-Oak Barrens
Habitat	Pine-Oak Barrens
Habitat	Mixed forest in mountain valleys and alpine tundra.
Habitat	"Openings in chaparral, oak woodland, or conifer forest, usually in foothills or mountains."
Non-Habitat	FWL: 10-11mm
Non-Habitat	FWL: 15-17 mm
Non-Habitat	"Palaearctics, excluding extreme north and south parts; introduced to N. America."
Non-Habitat	" 1.40-1.75"" (3.6-4.4 cm)"
Habitat	Prairies.
Non-Habitat	"In the morning and evening, when the temperature is still rather low, the male flies actively flickering silvery reflections of the underside of its wings."
Habitat	"They mostly occur in woodlands and old fields, but also in larger gardens."
Non-Habitat	"Both sexes usually fly in the canopy of intact forests, but the males come to water, often flying quite low down along rivers to find suitable puddling spots. Seeing a male swooping down from the canopy to a river, with the wings held two-thirds open without movement is a magnificent sight. In Okwangwo males were diving down to investigate the main Ikom-Obudu road, evidently believing it to be a river."
Non-Habitat	Early June-Mid July
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground around clumps of the food plant.
Non-Habitat	This genus flies more or less exclusively at dusk or dawn.
Habitat	"Most anywhere. Open areas, vacant lots, disturbed areas, roadsides, gardens, along streams.Damp soil and mud are also visited."
Habitat	"Open fields and valleys, power-line rights of way, brushy pastures."
Habitat	"Open, sunny areas: fields, meadows, open forest."
Habitat	Coastal salt and brackish marshes.
Habitat	"A swallowtail of open areas, especially of disturbed habitats; fields, meodows, tidal marshes, and suburban lawns.Has adapted well to suburban and urban environments.hilltopping species"
Habitat	Canyon bottoms in mountains.
Non-Habitat	 The larvae constructindividual shelters on the host by folding over leaveswith silk.
Non-Habitat	Mid May-Early August
Habitat	"Open tropical lowlands — weedy fields, beach dunes."
Non-Habitat	"The adults generally remain close to the ground, often perching on low vegetation or resting on the ground itself. If disturbed, they rapidly dart off but travel only a short distance before alighting once more."
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	"Wet sedge meadows, marshes, bogs.Adults perch close to the ground."
Habitat	The adults are found near colonies of their hosts
Non-Habitat	strong-flying
Non-Habitat	"In a single ovipositing sequence, the female lays as many as some 200 eggs in a batch"
Non-Habitat	gregarious and flies very slowly
Non-Habitat	30mm
Non-Habitat	Adults fly swiftly among dense swards of the food plant.
Habitat	"An inhabitant of open fields, dunes, and woodland edges. Freshly emerged males also gather at mud puddles to drink. The males perch aton low shrubs during much of the day, but patrol continuously during late afternoon."
Non-Habitat	15-22mm
Habitat	"Wet, open woodland, often long-leafed pine woods."
Habitat	"Tropical forests, especially near stream courses."
Habitat	Wet tundra and rocky slopes with dwarf willows.
Habitat	"[image] Females are found most frequently in shady woods.[image] Males are seen most often in sunlit forest openings or forest edges.Brushy areas and openings near moist woods or streams, city parks."
Habitat	rich tall-grass and mid-grass prairies
Non-Habitat	"It is a swift, powerful flier with northward migrations each year."
Habitat	Most species are found in wooded habitats.
Habitat	"Males patrol hilltops awaiting femalesBrushy hillsides, prairie ridges."
Habitat	Trails and woods edges.
Habitat	  Males patrol in depressions and other low alpine habitats.
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	Said to be common and widespread on Cuba... TL: Cuba.
Habitat	"Open deciduous woods and scrub, especially along streams and in openfields."
Non-Habitat	30-38 mm (1 3/16-1 1/2 inches)
Non-Habitat	[male] Cuba.
Non-Habitat	"This insect is distributed through the Afrotropical region including parts of the Middle East, Madagascar, Comoros and Seychelles, where it has been recorded on the islands of Mahé, Silhouette, Praslin, La Digue, Aride, Cousine, Cousin, Coëtivy, Alphonse, Platte and Aldabra Atoll. This butterfly is widespread."
Non-Habitat	"The larva rested on small twigs of the foodplant, and nearby was left a dead leaf with the resting pad during the summer. "
Non-Habitat	This genus has about fifteen species known in South Africa.
Habitat	"Lowland tropical forests and nearby second growth, flower gardens."
Habitat	"Landfills, roadsides, rural areas, vacant lots, gardens.[image] almost always found in close association with man-made habitats"
Habitat	Flower gardens; tropical scrub and forests.
Non-Habitat	Visitor Stray [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Wet tundra.
Habitat	Damp grassy areas near streams.
Habitat	"Dry sandy or gravelly areas, usually near streambeds or alluvial washes."
Non-Habitat	24-36 mm (15/16-1 7/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	Mid April - Early October; two generations
Non-Habitat	in the mountains of north western Dominican Republic in July
Habitat	"Oak-conifer forests above 6,000 ft.may be seen from ground level up into the trees."
Non-Habitat	"Known only from Haiti and the Dominican Republic. Exceedingly rare, only some half-dozen specimens known. RANGE: Hispaniola. TL: Haiti."
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	Boggy or scrubby areas dominated by blueberries and other heaths. Often in recovering burns or logged sites.
Habitat	Hardwood hammocks or edges in s. Fla.; evergreen or semi-evergreen forests elsewhere.
Habitat	"Damp, wooded ravines."
Habitat	Hardwood hammocks in s. Fla. and subtropical woods in s. Texas.
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Non-Habitat	Both sexes of this species fly low down.
Non-Habitat	"The larva makes a thick silken pad for resting on the upperside of a foodplant leaf, and emerges from it during night-time to feed on leaves nearby. "
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi
Non-Habitat	laid singly among aphid colonies
Non-Habitat	Se. Canada and ne. U.S.
Habitat	"Mountain canyons and dry open hillsides, thorn scrub, prairies."
Habitat	"Woodland openings, edges, and adjacent fields; suburban habitats. Generally in moist situations.The males sally forth from perches on leaves overhanging woodland trails and edges."
Habitat	"Bogs… open acidic habitats, often surrounded by forests"
Non-Habitat	flies actively
Non-Habitat	"The larvae seem to feed mostly at night, spending the day in a large shelter made by folding over most of a host-plant leaf."
Habitat	Arid chaparral.
Non-Habitat	Adults readily feed from flowers of Verbena and other plants.
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a fast, erratic flightand can be difficult to approach"
Habitat	"Open fields, roadsides, suburban areas. While migrating it can be anywhere, but strongly concentrates on the immediate coast and along river valleys.Millions of Monarchs from North America eventually overwinter in communal sites high in the fir-clad Mexican mountains."
Non-Habitat	112-162 mm.
Non-Habitat	32-41 mm
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Habitat	NOTE;Often frequents roadside puddles during daytime.
Habitat	usually found in prairie habitats
Habitat	Prairie ravines and canyon bottoms in  a  wide variety of brushy or wootled habitats.
Non-Habitat	The larva rested with its head directed downwards on the top of a twig. Its body color and shape resemble those of the brown twig of the pine. Pupation takes place on a twig of the foodplant.
Non-Habitat	25-35 mm (1-1 3/8 inches)
Habitat	"Various open areas, maily prairie hills, foothills, and badlands.Males patrol hilltops and ridges in search of females."
Non-Habitat	March - September; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on flower buds of host
Habitat	The adults are usually found in direct association with their caterpillar host plants.
Non-Habitat	"Tanzania (National endemic)- Kigoma, Sibwesa"
Non-Habitat	"1.0-1.3"" (2.5-3.3 cm)"
Non-Habitat	3-3 1/2 in. (76-90 mm)
Habitat	Short-grass prairie.Males perch on flat open areas on low ridges or hilltops where they await receptive mates.
Habitat	Tropical woodlands.
Habitat	Ponderosa and lodgepole pine forests.Males patrol along streams.
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Eastern part of East Sayan, Bolshoy Sayan and TunkinskieGol’tshy Mts."
Non-Habitat	cherry trees near the streams are chosen as the foodplant for oviposition
Non-Habitat	"When provided with the foodplant pine in the cage, the female laid eggs singly on twigs and the netting, but not on the pine leaves. "
Non-Habitat	25-32 mm (1-1 1/4 inches)
Habitat	Weedy openings and fields
Non-Habitat	25-30 mm
Habitat	"Rich, deciduous woods."
Non-Habitat	"1.4-1.7"" (3.6-4.3 cm)"
Habitat	"Dry open hillsides, thorn scrub, prairies."
Habitat	The males perch on the ground or on large rocks
Habitat	"Sagebrush flats, prairies, aspen parkland, mountain summits."
Habitat	Trails and woods edges.
Habitat	Relatively undisturbed bluestem grass prairie or similar sites. Hill prairies. Males perch on low vegetation It requires relatively undisturbed prairie for survival
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Habitat	"Prairie hills, weedy areas, roadsides."
Habitat	"Mesquite and thorn woodland, roadside verges, streambeds."
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Non-Habitat	This genus is represented by one species in Southern Africa.
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on twigs; eggs overwinter
Non-Habitat	moisture-seeking
Habitat	" open woodlands, forest clearings and margins,and adjacent open areas;  I attracted thisbeautiful skipper to my garden in southeastern SC onseveral occasions!"
Habitat	"Pinewoods, coastal swamps."
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly rapidly within about 2 m of the ground in a relatively straight path with wings outspread. Males frequently hilltop, patrolling with a gliding flight beneath the overstorey in open sunlit areas close to the ground or among low shrubs, occasionally pausing to settle on leaves, branches or rocks with wings outspread. "
Non-Habitat	 Se Canada and ne U S
Non-Habitat	"Adults fly close to the ground usually over rocks within the breeding habitat, briefly pausing to feed from flowers."
Non-Habitat	in folded leaves
Non-Habitat	laid in axils of host leaves
Non-Habitat	59-69 mm
Non-Habitat	Flying along open valleys and mountain slopes
Habitat	Tropical seasonally dry forest and associated edges.
Non-Habitat	None
Non-Habitat	24-29 mm
Habitat	Openings in various tropical forests.
Non-Habitat	25-32 mm
Non-Habitat	a rapid and erratic flight
Non-Habitat	Adults fly swiftly close to the ground.
Habitat	"Black Spruce bogs, pine woods."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	FWL: 17-21 mm
Non-Habitat	" 1.90-2.75"" (4.8-7.0 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"Although adults may be seen in great numbers immediately after their emergence season, they soon hide themselves and reappear in the fol lowing spring after overwintering."
Non-Habitat	28-42 mm
Habitat	"Openings in  or near stream courses, marshes, seeps, moist fields, city parks, ridge tops (males). Maybe found in a wide variety of habitats during migration."
Non-Habitat	"Slow, fluttering flight, faster when alarmed"
Non-Habitat	Late May - Early August; single generation; Later instar larvae overwinter.
Non-Habitat	"Migrant,"
Habitat	Weedy fields and edges in lowland tropical forests.
Habitat	"Roadsides, wood edges, trails, etc."
Non-Habitat	66-95 mm
Non-Habitat	"they rested in ellipsoidal nests about 5mm in diameter; they enlarged their nests as they grew larger; In the last instar the nest was made of 2 leaves, one overlaid at the top of the other, and the larva rested on the ceiling, i.e. the underside of the upper leaf. Pupation takes place within the nest"
Habitat	A local species of forests
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Non-Habitat	"[female] La Selle Range, Haiti "
Habitat	Tropical hardwood hammock openings and edges.
Non-Habitat	The flight is fast and always low down; both sexes often settle on the ground.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16-20 mm
Non-Habitat	"Its larval foodlant is a dwarf bamboo about 1m in height, and larvae make a rough communal nest by spinning silk to hold 2 leaves together into the shape of an umbrella. Two to 3 larvae rest on the underside of the dome of the umbrella"
Non-Habitat	120-150 mm
Non-Habitat	[image] The eggs are laid on the tips of young pine foliage
Non-Habitat	25-35 mm
Non-Habitat	17-22mm
Non-Habitat	The egg is laid one by one on the base of a bud or bifurcating point of twigs of the larval foodplant.
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Habitat	Should be watched for in grasslands of the southeastern corner of the province.
Habitat	"Desert grassland, pinyon-juniper woodland."
Habitat	"Deserts, including high deserts, pinion-juniper hills, canyons, dunes, and foothills."
Habitat	"moist, grassy areas including roadside ditches,utility easements, wet meadows, pond edges and oldfields"
Habitat	Willow bogs in taiga
Non-Habitat	"March - October; multiple generations; Unlike most butterflies, adults are oftenactive on overcast days and fly until dusk."
Non-Habitat	25-33mm
Habitat	Gullies and canyons in thorn scrub grassland. Males perch on sunlit rocks and cliffs in the morning to await the arrival of possible mates.
Non-Habitat	Both sexes are more spontaneously active than most Hesperiinae.
Habitat	"Prairies, open ridges, glades in deciduous woods, waste area,"
Non-Habitat	"The larvae hatch after about three weeks and immediately go into hibernation, spinning a small silken cocoon around the remains of the eggshell.; They emerge during the spring and live within leaf tubes formed by spinning together the edges of broad leaf blades. The larvae feed only at night.; They pupate deep within the tussocks of Torgrass, surrounded by loose cocoons of grass and silk."
Non-Habitat	This subspecies is considered extinct but was endemic to Seychelles. It was assumed to be collected on Mahé. The nominate subspecies is endemic to Réunion.
Habitat	"Open woods and brushy areas, especially pine or oak woods with sandy soil."
Habitat	"Wet, open woodland, often long-leafed pine woods."
Habitat	Sedge swamps.
Habitat	"Typically they are found in woodlands and old fields, but sometimes in gardens."
Non-Habitat	"[male] Jamaica; [female] Gordon Town, Jamaica."
Habitat	"Open sphagnum bogs, grassy areas with acidic soils."
Habitat	Tropical pine-Sabal palm scrub.
Non-Habitat	"If the weather is clear in the morning, it flies low and sucks honey from flowers such as Thistle, Sedum kamtchaticum and dandelion"
Non-Habitat	22-28 mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on or near host leaves
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Kahusha, Nyamununye "
Habitat	"Adults are usually found near their host plants, and they do not fly long distances."
Habitat	"Streambeds, dry washes in sagebrush-juniper woodland."
Habitat	"Openings in subtropical scrub, forest edges, and adjacent fields."
Habitat	"Hardwood hammocks, wooded swamp edges."
Non-Habitat	FWL:23-26mm
Non-Habitat	The males frequently swoop down to mudpuddles. J. Ciha (pers. comm.) collected a male on the Atewa Range in October 2003 that came down to drink at a small stream inside deep forest where there was hardly space for it to fly; it landed slightly upstream and then ‘hopped’ gradually towards him with a few wing-beats at a time.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly and occasionally glide short distances with wings outspread. Males hilltop and perch on shrubs or bushes close to the ground to establish territories during the morning.
Habitat	"Thickets, woodland openings and brushy edges. This species tends to stay closer to woodlands than related species.Males perch at about 3-4 ft."
Non-Habitat	22-32 mm (7/8-1 1/4 inches)
Habitat	"Many kinds of open situations, including oak woodland, streamcourses, pinyon-juniper woodland, sagebrush flats and hills, and high prairie with mixed conifers."
Non-Habitat	" Like most skippers, it has a quick darting flight and is difficult to ,observe unless perched or nectaring"
Non-Habitat	laying eggs on Maypops and ornamental passion-vines.
Non-Habitat	"2.30-2.75"" (5.8~7.0 cm)"
Non-Habitat	"dart out at passing objectsAdults are very wary, rapid fliers, and difficult to approach unless nectaring."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly with a gliding or sailing flight. Males often fly near the tops of the tallest trees.
Non-Habitat	April - September; two generations;  Fourth instarlarvae from the last generation overwinter and complete development the following spring.
Non-Habitat	"The male repeatedly flies around and perches on branch tips of pine trees or descends to the ground. The female also persistently flies around pine trees, and repeats flight and perching on tree trunks"
Habitat	Subtropical scrub.
Habitat	"Foothills, gardens. river forests in plains."
Habitat	"Second growth or scrub habitats in tropical lowlands. Vacates seasonally dry habitats, and large migrations have been seen in the tropics"
Non-Habitat	20-26mm
Habitat	Northern deciduous and mixed evergreen-deciduous forests and associated edges.
Non-Habitat	" Adults havean extremely long proboscis and can feed at manylong, tubular flowers inaccessible to other butterflies."
Habitat	"Open, sunny locales: open fields, arroyos, dunes, roadsides, thorn scrub."
Non-Habitat	" The Silver-spotted Skipper is a large, robustbutterfly with a rapid, darting flight."
Non-Habitat	distasteful properties and warningly colored
Non-Habitat	Fw 17-18 mm
Habitat	"Wet, open woods along rivers and streams, open swamps; sometimes dry woods and ridgetops.[image] The males patrol through open woods, swamps, and along streams."
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on flower buds of host
Habitat	" woodland openings, pastures and hillsides"
Habitat	"Openings and fields in wet, rich forested valleys and mountainsides. Males wander to a wider range of habitats."
Non-Habitat	It has a habit of bending the anterior half of its body sideways at an angle of about 45°.
Non-Habitat	55-65 mm.
Non-Habitat	young caterpillars feed colonially.
Habitat	"River woods, wooded swamps, city parks, and other wooded situations. Migrants may be found in virtually any location."
Non-Habitat	The eggs were laid one by one on small twigs; Joo Hong-Zae and others report the Korean ssp. mirifucus lays 1 or several tens of eggs in batches on bifurcating points the foodplant tree trunks or branches.
Habitat	"Forest edges near streams, trees in open fields."
Non-Habitat	" Adults have an erratic, darting flightand frequently perch tree trunks or on overhangingbranches."
Habitat	"Grassy areas in open, sandy pine woods."
Non-Habitat	March - April
Non-Habitat	This species often settles on flowers.
Habitat	"Wet and dry tropical forests from sea level to 1,000 m."
Habitat	Forest edges.
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground among grasses.
Non-Habitat	38-50 mm
Non-Habitat	"The flight of this subspecies is erratic, which might be why it was named ""philander""."
Non-Habitat	49-67 mm
Non-Habitat	"Moves daintily over grass, often fluttering and stopping to visit flowers."
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread, excluding south-eastren parts."
Non-Habitat	the caterpillar curling the leaf edges to form a shelter.
Habitat	"Sagebrush flats and hills, high prairie with mixed conifers."
Non-Habitat	"[male] C. s. smintheus, Cuba. "
Habitat	bog species
Habitat	"Wet, open woodland, often long-leafed pine woods."
Habitat	"Upland boreal forests, especially deciduous."
Habitat	Open areas or edges in or near seasonally dry tropical forest or scrub
Non-Habitat	"When nectaring, adults continuouslyflutter their wings much like a hummingbird"
Habitat	"Barrens and open woods on native hosts, highway shoulders, railroad beds, and upland fields on crown-vetch."
Non-Habitat	"widespread [in PNG], but is generally and locally rare"
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid singly on young leaves of the foodplants and recent study has shown that females choose the longest shoots of large plants growing in sheltered situations.
Habitat	"usually found in more open habitats, often those dominated by sagebrush or similar shrubs.Open arid brushlands, often sagebrush flats and slopes, from low foothills to high plains and subalpine habitats. Even found above timberline in a few sites, such as cen. Calif."
Habitat	"Freshwater marshes, sedge meadows, slow-moving streams or ditches."
Habitat	"[image] Males perch and patrol on hilltops or along ridges to seek females.  Subtropical scrub, desert foothills, limestone ridges."
Habitat	Open areas and flats.
Non-Habitat	24-30 mm
Non-Habitat	Common
Habitat	The males perch on low vegetation and periodically patrol back and forth.
Non-Habitat	often hovering over Lantana blossomfly in pouring rain
Non-Habitat	36-41 mm
Habitat	Forest edges and openings: road edges. Middle elevations in tropics.
Non-Habitat	 Both sexes frequently visit flowers and areexceedingly fond of milkweed blossoms.
Habitat	Marshes.
Habitat	"Openings and meadows in moist valleys in conifer forests.Habitats are destroyed in periodic fires, and butterflies recolonize slowly."
Habitat	"[image] Males are usually seen perching on hilltops… Females are seen most often near their caterpillar hosts — wild lilacs, most often New Jersey Tea. Males are usually found patrolling and perching on ridgetops.Open brushy fields, barrens, prairie hills."
Habitat	"Moist pastures, fens, marshes, bog edges, damp meadows."
Habitat	Open subtropical scrub and woods edges.
Habitat	" open grassy areas in or near woodlands andalong stream corridors; onetheless, this denizen of grassy woodland clearings, forest margins and stream corridors israther localized in occurrence and seldom encounteredin large numbers."
Non-Habitat	36-44 mm
Habitat	"Subarctic bogs, taiga openings, and arctic tundra."
Habitat	 This attractive diurnal moth can often be found flitting among low plants in bogs.
Non-Habitat	46-55 mm
Habitat	"Dry sandy fields, roadsides, old fields, power-line cuts."
Habitat	"Low foothill canyons, overgrown fields, wood edges in U.S. Open fields, scrub, second growth in lowland tropics."
Habitat	"Open weedy areas, deserts, thorn scrub, pastures, fields."
Non-Habitat	"majority fly in areas where there is bright sunshineit is commonplace to see them (males) spiral upward into the sky for some distance; at some point, one of them flies off and the other stays in the general area. This is a territorial contest"
Non-Habitat	Active flier
Habitat	"Open, weedy fields and brush in seasonal lowland tropics."
Non-Habitat	Fw 8mm
Habitat	Trails and light gaps in wet forest
Habitat	"Small clearings in tropical woodlands; weedy areas in parks, wood edges."
Habitat	"Rich Canadian and transition zone woods, aspen parklands."
Habitat	"[image] Adults are found only in forests near their caterpillar host Switch Cane.Usually dense moist woods near periphery of large swamps, but dense upland forests in s. Appalachians."
Non-Habitat	36-43 mm
Non-Habitat	"Females lay one egg on dried leaf, stem, or rock near the food plant"
Habitat	"Shady gardens, openings along streams, foothill canyons."
Habitat	"Frequents open, grassy areas in scrubby woodlands, stream banks, roadside ditches, and even flower gardens."
Habitat	Wide variety of tropical forests and second-growth habitats.
Non-Habitat	The flight is fast and weaving.
Habitat	Boggy or scrubby areas dominated by blueberries and other heaths. Often in recovering burns or logged sites.
Habitat	Found in woodlands and larger gardens
Habitat	"Mixed evergreen forest openings, headlands with low heaths."
Non-Habitat	15-20 mm
Non-Habitat	28+34 mm
Habitat	"In Fla., hammocks and scrub at sea level"
Habitat	"Sphagnum bogs, sedge bogs."
Habitat	At the time of this writing… have declined and are found only in a few hardwood hammocks on the keys.
Non-Habitat	This species is mostly found in the warmer zones (of Southern Africa).
Habitat	"[image]western mountains and intermountain valleys.BorealOpen areas and glades in mountains and foothills — often near streamcourses. Also taiga, prairie flats, and marshes."
Habitat	"Damp subalpine streamsides, acid bogs, taiga."
Non-Habitat	Males are usually found patrolling and perching on ridgetops.
Non-Habitat	34—46 mm (I 1/4—1 3/4 inches)
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Habitat	Bogs or wet tundra.
Habitat	"Hardwood hammocks, wooded swamp edges."
Habitat	Shaded subtropical woods. Polxthrixes often perch upside-down under large leaves in the forest understory.
Habitat	"Openings in woods near streams, shale barrens, marsh edges."
Non-Habitat	" Adultshave a somewhat slow but highly erratic, darting flightclose to the ground and can be a challenge to follow."
Non-Habitat	18mm
Non-Habitat	32-38 mm
Habitat	short-grass prairie
Non-Habitat	"Stray [to the Carolinas];  Although only recently established in southFlorida, the Dorantes Skipper is now a common butterfly of forest edges and adjacent open, disturbed sitesthere. It is an uncommon vagrant to South Carolina."
Non-Habitat	The female lays an egg singly on the tip of a hard mature leaf of the foodplant tree.
Non-Habitat	All will come to light
Habitat	"Pinyon-Juniper woodland, mountains at low and middle elevations."
Non-Habitat	"CaLerpillar (""orange dog"") is brown with white mottled middle and anal saddles, closely resembling a fresh bird dropping."
Habitat	"Damp or wet fields, marshes, prairies.The perching males are obvious along stream-courses and ravines."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly swiftly and low to the ground among grasses.
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are laid on bluegrass (Poa spp.), the larval host."
Habitat	They are locally common in woodlands and larger gardens.
Non-Habitat	"This butterfly displayed by flying tight circles in clearings and along paths, at a less furious speed than K. hollandi. Every few minutes they landed on the underside of leaves half to one metre above the ground."
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Habitat	[image] live in moister habitats [than Gorgone Checkerspot] along streams and moist meadows.Openings near stream courses; second-growth scrub.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Tundra and subarctic bogs.
Habitat	Pine forests in most of range; mixed Douglas-fir lorests in north coastal Calif.
Non-Habitat	"Eggs are often found near the overwintering buds and on leaf scars of small trees such as seedlings and saplings, although once in Shunchan shi, Fujian Sheng, quite a number of eggs were found on a branch about 3cm in diameter"
Habitat	" This small woodland skipper;  open woodlands, forest edges, clearings andtrails, roadsides and along forested stream margins"
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Cisaltai plain, Altai and Tuva"
Habitat	" forest edges, moist woodlands and associatedclearings, trails, waterways and roads"
Habitat	Hardwood hammocks or edges in s. Fla.; evergreen or semi-evergreen forests elsewhere.
Non-Habitat	"All species of this genus are crepuscular, at which time males patrol furiously. Trimen wrote: “When in full chase they make a louder humming sound with their wings than most hawk-moths; I could often hear them a good ten yards off, when it was too dark to see them, except when they rose over the horizon.�"
Non-Habitat	pupate among roots of host-plant.
Non-Habitat	"At 3-4000 ft in the mountains of north western Dominican Republic in July - the only precisely recorded locality. No doubt elsewhere in suitable forest country. TL: Dominican Republic, Mt Diego de Ocampa."
Non-Habitat	43-57 mm
Non-Habitat	65-75 mm.
Non-Habitat	"Most species are local in their occurrence, and migration is rare, even though a few species, e.g. Strymon melinus, are good long-distance colonists."
Habitat	"Wet, open woods along rivers and streams. open swamps; sometimes dry woods and ridge tops."
Habitat	Tundra ridges or flat areas below summits.
Non-Habitat	"This subspecies inhabits South West Africa, the Eastern Cape, Natal, Transvaal, Bechuanaland, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and it ranges to East Africa with other races in tropical Africa, where it is in competition with others having wider metallic bands. "
Non-Habitat	18-23 mm
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- NW Kivu; Rwanda- Kisaba, Rugege"
Habitat	[image]  often in sun-dappled situations.Lowland scrub and seasonally dry forest edges.
Habitat	"Tropical lowland to mid-eIevation forests, coffee plantations."
Non-Habitat	"Flight neither strong nor fast, sailing with slight fluttering like its Milkweed model, but darts away if alarmed"
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Habitat	Brushy areas.
Non-Habitat	"widespread throughout the mainland [PNG] where it is occasional generally, but may be common locally"
Habitat	"Desert and subtropical scrub, especially adjacent to washes and valleys."
Habitat	"Oak or oak-pine woodland and adjacent edges, in West usually in mountains.Males do not hilltop but perch along trails or streamcourses."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly rapidly close to the ground and frequently settle on grasses.
Habitat	"""bounces"" along the tops of the grass, shrubs, and just inside the canopy of small trees.Most at home in the grassland/woodland interface, this satyr may be found in the middle of quite large open fields or more rarely deep in the woods."
Habitat	"males of some tropical whites, e.g. Leodonta, perch along ravines."
Non-Habitat	39-49 mm
Habitat	"has its metropolis in the tall-grass prairie and mid-grass prairie region, but it  also occurs in wet meadows in other areas."
Habitat	"River woods, wooded swamps, city parks, and other wooded situations. Migrants may be found in virtually any location."
Non-Habitat	the larva exudes orange-colored processes with  pungent odors
Non-Habitat	Uncommon
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Ituri, N. Kivu"
Non-Habitat	 Adults have a rapid flight and arestrongly attracted to flowers.
Non-Habitat	This butterfly's flight is slow and close to the ground.
Habitat	"Meadows, sagebrush flats, grassy hillsides, prairies."
Habitat	Seasonally dry subtropical woodland and thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	Fw 16-20 mm
Non-Habitat	strong flier
Non-Habitat	"Democratic Rep. Congo- Kivu, Rwenzori; Rwanda- Unspecified locality; Uganda- Bwindi, Mt Rwenzori"
Habitat	"Open areas, meadows, roadsides, powerline cuts, pastures, barrens, prairies, woods, often along streams.Males are territorial, perching on conspicuous objectsAdults often take moisture from damp soil."
Non-Habitat	34-44 mm
Habitat	"occur along forest edges, in parks and gardens, along roasides, in open fields, and in pastures"
Habitat	Subtropical thorn forest.
Habitat	"It is extremely fond of flowers and a frequent garden visitor.; open, disturbed sites including roadsides, fallowagricultural land, old fields and gardens"
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	" This skipper should be watched for in native grasslands, hillsides and along roads where mallows gi'ow."
Non-Habitat	Fw 14-15 mm
Habitat	Stream valleys with dry scrub or scattered forest.
Habitat	Open brushy areas in seasonal tropical low lands.
Non-Habitat	25 mm or so
Habitat	Canyon bottoms with permanent water.
Non-Habitat	68-98 mm
Habitat	"Any type of open or lightly wooded terrain, especially gardens, roadsides, and agricultural lands. Also present in urban areas."
Non-Habitat	This genus flies more or less exclusively at dusk or dawn.
Habitat	"Brushy old fields, fringes of bogs, open areas near small streams."
Non-Habitat	Fw 17-22 mm
Habitat	Ravines or gulches in juniper woodland or oak-juniper woodland.Males perch in or near gulch bottoms or washes and await receptive females.
Non-Habitat	30-32 mm
Non-Habitat	This distribution of this butterfly includes Mauritius.
Non-Habitat	flowers that are used as adult nectar sources.
Non-Habitat	"Flight rapid, keeps to shady spots on the ground"
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Habitat	"Open, scrubby areas such as dry meadows, and prairie hills."
Habitat	Hardwood hammocks in s. Fla. and subtropical woods in s. Texas.
Non-Habitat	54-74 mm
Non-Habitat	30-45 mm
Non-Habitat	A. neander and A. gander are among the few skippers known to be migratory and may then appear in masses.
Habitat	"Subarctic bogs, taiga openings, and arctic tundra."
Habitat	"Subarctic bogs, taiga openings, and arctic tundra."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas];
Habitat	"Spruce bogs,wet tundra. dry lodgepole pine forest. Adults perch on tree trunks or logs where their hindwing colors help them blend well."
Non-Habitat	Female scatters eggs on the ground near food plants
Non-Habitat	25-30 mm
Non-Habitat	Sporadic from Pyrenees to Altai.
Habitat	"The adults are found in marshes and swamps, or along slow-moving streams and ditches."
Habitat	"HABITAT: Wide variety of open, sunny areas — waste fields, prairies, pastures, etc."
Non-Habitat	28-35 mm
Non-Habitat	 This butterfly typicallyrests and feeds with its wings closed
Habitat	"Abandoned fields, open pine woods, suburbs, tropical forest edge. Sea level to 2000 ft. (600 m)."
Non-Habitat	53-67 mm
Non-Habitat	17-21 mm
Habitat	Tropical pine-Sabal palm scrub.
Habitat	"Deciduous woods, bogs, open fields, open subarctic slopes and tundra."
Habitat	"Moist woods and meadows, often near streamcourses."
Habitat	"Upper edges of coastal salt marshes in Calif., weedy fields near coastline in coastal Mex."
Non-Habitat	Early September-Late October
Habitat	Native tall-grass prairies.
Habitat	Disturbed or natural areas near palms.
Non-Habitat	"Eggs of Linda’s Skipper are laid singly on the underside  of the larval host plant leaf, placed  along  the edge."
Habitat	Edges of brushy fields and open forest.
Habitat	"Woodland openings, edges, and adjacent fields; suburban habitats. Generally in moist situations.The males sally forth from perches on leaves overhanging woodland trails and edges."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Non-Habitat	"They (males) make brief circular sorties around an emergent canopy tree, and then return to the same perchflight is slow and gliding, with little flapping of the wingsfemale has a slow, floppy flight"
Habitat	"Many kinds of open, weedy habitats — cities and suburbs, gardens, power lines, marshes,road edges, etc."
Non-Habitat	Adults fly along the edges of the forest or in sunlit glades within deep gullies.
Non-Habitat	"The egg and the newly hatched larva were on the underside of foodplant leaf, whereas the 3rd-instar larva rested on a silken pad made on the center of leaf upperside."
Non-Habitat	"One or 2 eggs are usually laid on end buds. In years of their abundance, eggs are laid also on low-layer buds and small seedlings"
Habitat	"Most are woodland species,though some can be found in gardens, even in urban areas. The group is largely nocturnal and will come freely to lights,though a small number are diurnal and are to be sought along wood land trails or around bogs and fens."
Habitat	"Montane forests, sunny slopes, and meadows.Males patrol ridges ridges and hillsides."
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Habitat	Spruce bogs.
Non-Habitat	The underside dead leaf pattern
Non-Habitat	24-32 mm
Habitat	"Open, sunny, weedy environments."
Habitat	"Roadsides, overgrown fields, wood edges, trails in  hardwood hammocks."
Non-Habitat	120-140 mm.
Non-Habitat	"L. ceres has been taken at times in the Lesser Antilles, e.g. on St Lucia in 1913, no doubt as a wanderer from Trinidad or the neighbouring mainland where it occurs as L. ceres atergatis Doubleday 1847. "
Non-Habitat	This butterfly is widespread throughout Africa.
Non-Habitat	47-56 mm
Habitat	"Open areas with low vegetation; meadows, dunes, vacant lots."
Habitat	Open grassy areas In wide variety of settings.
Habitat	Residential areas and gardens.
Habitat	"Openings and fields in wet, rich forested valleys and mountainsides. Males wander to a wider range of habitats."
Non-Habitat	" 0.90-1.25"" (2.3-3.2 cm)"
Habitat	"Intermountain West, prairies, and plains east to sw. Iowa (L. m. melissa), isolated pine barrensPine-oak barrens in East (L. m. samuelis), prairies, open weedy areas in West (L. m. melissa)."
Habitat	"Ga. mountainsMoist meadows and pastures, dry rocky ridges"
Habitat	"Low deserts, foothills, suburbs, gardens, second-growth fields."
Non-Habitat	settling on upper or undersides ofleaves withwings spread flat
Non-Habitat	"May-July; single generation; Producing only one generation each year, the adultsare on the wing in late spring and early summer."
Habitat	"Open sunny fields, flats."
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	laid singly on host leaves
Non-Habitat	30 mm
Non-Habitat	15-19 mm
Non-Habitat	" It has a quick, glidingflight and is often wary and difficult to closelyapproach"
Habitat	Open woods and small clearings in conifer forests.
Habitat	"Moist tundra, alpine meadows."
Non-Habitat	Eggs are laid singly on host plant leaves
Non-Habitat	" Adults have a low, rapid flight"
Habitat	" open woodlands, forest margins and clearings,open, brushy fields, roadsides, scrub and utility easements;  Inhabiting a variety of open and semi-open landscapes that support stands of hard pines, the butterflyis commonly found in close association with youngertrees. Adults spend much of their time perched onhost branches, often high above the ground, but frequently venture down to nectar at nearby blossoms orsip moisture at damp soil."
Habitat	Wooded canals.
Habitat	"Mixed evergreen forest openings, headlands with low heaths."
Non-Habitat	20-31 mm (3/4- 1 3/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	Ova laid on leaves.
Non-Habitat	"Ova laid singly or in small numbers on upperside of leaf, plants in close proximity to bushes or well-shaded by trees are favoured for oviposition."
Non-Habitat	"Pieridae occur in the wetter tropics and on Aldabra, among many other places. "
Habitat	"limited in their occurrence to unplowed tall-grass prairie, mainly in preserves."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- South Kivu
Habitat	"[image] Adults are found only in forests near their caterpillar host Switch Cane.Usually dense moist woods near periphery of large swamps, but dense upland forests in s. Appalachians."
Non-Habitat	"The species are often very colorful with red, black, and yellow predominating on their bodies and wings; and often the abdomen is banded with contrasting alternating colors. These bright coloration are used as a warning to signal unpalatability to potential predators. By consuming plants containing protective chemicals they acquire an effective chemical defense against potential predators. We often observed that chicken refuse larvae of some Arctiinae species."
Non-Habitat	26-33 mm (1-1 5/16 inches)
Non-Habitat	"All will come to lights, some in moderate numbers."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Avidly fond of flowers, the butterflyis a frequent garden visitor.;  open, disturbed areas including old fields, roadsides, vacant lots, open woodlands, forest edges,parks, lawns and gardens"
Habitat	"Open areas—fields, gardens, waste areas, marshes. Sea level to 7000 ft.(2150 m)."
Non-Habitat	39-46 mm
Non-Habitat	31-41 mm
Non-Habitat	Males of our species patrol likely environments in search of receptive mates.
Non-Habitat	May - October; two generations
Non-Habitat	As nominate subspecies [Univoltine. Late May - July]
Non-Habitat	"laid singly on leaves, stems or flower buds"
Non-Habitat	Resident and migrant
Habitat	vacant lots in cities or suburbs
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	72-76 mm
Non-Habitat	26-38 mm
Habitat	Disturbed areas in a wide variety of tropical environments.
Non-Habitat	Year round; two generations
Non-Habitat	Widespread
Non-Habitat	May - November; multiple generations
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid singly or in batches of 3 to 6 eggs
Non-Habitat	"The larva even in the early instars make a rough nest in which it rests. The last larva's nest is spun with 2-3 leaves, in which it rests except when feeding. "
Habitat	Open oak woodland.
Non-Habitat	34-41 mm
Habitat	Dense woods with cane growth.
Habitat	"Undisturbed prairies, serpentine barrens."
Habitat	Oak-pine and deciduous forests.
Non-Habitat	"This species occurs in the Eastern Cape, Natal, Transvaal, the Free State, Bechuanaland, Rhodesia, and Moҫambique, and ranges to tropical Africa."
Habitat	"Open tundra, rocky summits and saddles, talus slopes, and frost-heaved clear-cut areas."
Habitat	Seasonal lowland tropical forests and nearby openings and edges.
Habitat	widespread… found mostly in or adjacent to broadleaf deciduous forests
Habitat	Open subtropical scrub and woods edges.
Habitat	"Near streams in  moist, lowland tropical forests, especially associated edges and openings."
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	Subtropical thorn scrub.
Non-Habitat	33-52 mm
Habitat	"Wetlands are the primary or sole habitat for most species, and males perch in swales or other low spots,"
Habitat	"Dry open hillsides, thorn scrub, prairies."
Non-Habitat	"Males patrol in  a characteristic slow, skipping flight.Most species are localized and are not migratory."
Habitat	"Forest edges, usually in seasonaly dry tropical lowlands."
Habitat	Disturbed scrubland.
Habitat	old fields reverting to natural vegetation
Non-Habitat	" 3.5-5.5"" (8.9-14.0 cm)"
Habitat	southeastern swamps
Non-Habitat	"Adults have a quick, scurrying flight and regularly perch or nectar"
Habitat	"The Wild Indigo Dusky Wing occurs in areas where wild indigo or crown vetch grow—prairies, roadsides, railroad rights-of-way, and open woodlands.Adults tend to stay in the vicinity of the larval food plant, rarely straying far. Males perch on low vegetation In recent years, the widespread use of crown vetch (Securigera varia) along highway and rail rights-of-way has resulted in an increase in populations of this skipperFreshly emerged males frequent moist ground"
Habitat	"Wooded hills, prairie valleys."
Non-Habitat	The range of this butterfly includes Réunion.
Habitat	"Openings in river woods and conifer forests, marshes, orchards, nearby fields and edges, wooded ravines in prairies."
Habitat	"[image] A common butterfly of tall-grass prairie.Moist priries, mountain pastures, barrens."
Non-Habitat	None
Habitat	found mainly in  freshwater marshes and  wet meadows
Habitat	"Small stream valleys amid shale, serpentine, or limestone barrens."
Non-Habitat	"The flight is weak, though not as weak as Pseudopontia paradoxa, and they rarely fly more than one metre above the ground."
Habitat	Tangles of Atriplex along flats adjacent to rivercourses.It seldom leaves the shelter of its host-plant shrubs and is difficult to view closely.
Habitat	They are commonly found in woodlands and larger gardens.
Non-Habitat	"ovipositing in pods (Zalat et al., unpublished data)."
Non-Habitat	Adults have a gliding or sailing flight. Males often fly near the tops of the tallest trees.
Habitat	"Prairies, open ridges, glades in deciduous woods, waste area,"
Non-Habitat	33-44 mm
Habitat	"Open, sunny areas: fields, meadows, open forest."
Non-Habitat	[male] Haiti.
Non-Habitat	 The Eastern Tailed-Blue is generally abundant throughout most of the eastern United States.; Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"The alpines are limited to subalpine, alpine, and arctic habitats throughout the Northern Hemisphere. Most species are found in mountainous Eurasia. In eastern North America six  species occur, primarily in boreal portions of eastern Canada, but two bog species (E. disa and E. discoidalis)Males patrol low over grassy vegetation"
Non-Habitat	 laid in clusters on the underside of hostleaves
Habitat	"A wide variety of open situations, from woodland edges, to brushy fields, to thorn scrub."
Habitat	limited to acid bogs
Habitat	"Adults congregate at a focal tree just before dusk. As the sun sets, they leave the tree to roost under the leaves of adjacent trees or shrubs"
Non-Habitat	35-41 mm
Habitat	Oak woodland.
Non-Habitat	" 2.75-3.40"" (7.0-8.6 cm)"
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	FWL: 22-23mm
Habitat	"Shaded, subtropical hardwood hammocks and adjacent open areas, botanical gardens with ornamental cycads."
Non-Habitat	"Parnaro naso naso was apparently collected by J.A. de Gaye on Silhouette in the early 1900s. However, Fletcher (1910 page 296) states ""Mr. de Gaye's collection contains numerous examples of Lepidoptera collected by him in Mauritius. I am inclined to question the true origin of this particular specimen, and this species must be queried as a Seychelles butterfly, pending further evidence."" Evans (1937) also lists a single female from Mahe (as Parnaro marchalii marchalii, an earlier synonym of P. naso naso). However, this taxon is endemic to Mauritius, and as no confirmed specimen has been collected in Seychelles, it is not considered part of the Seychelles fauna. "
Non-Habitat	35-45 mm
Non-Habitat	 laid singly on host leaves
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Habitat	"Weedy fields, pastures, open grassy areas along ditches and streams."
Habitat	" salt marshes and adjacent open areas, roadsides;  it is a locally common inhabitant ofcoastal salt marshes;  frequently visit available flowers along nearbyroads or in adjacent fields."
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Habitat	Desert hills and ridges.Males fly along ridges and hilltops.
Habitat	Canyons with tropical dry forest or thorn scrub.Most often seen on wet gravelly or sandy spots along streams.[image]may be seen along small streams.
Non-Habitat	"The hesperiines are perching species, the males darting out at passing insects in search of conspecific females. Their flight is fast, sometimes erratic, and difficult for the human eye to follow"
Non-Habitat	39-48 mm
Non-Habitat	"[image] When perched on branches or tree trunks with their wings closed, the butterflies are difficult to spot."
Habitat	"Open areas, fields, roadsides, gardens, parks, lawns. Males perch on low vegetation"
Non-Habitat	"Sevastopulo (1973) suggests that G. leonidas itself may be aposematic, which seems improbable."
Non-Habitat	Democratic Rep. Congo (National endemic)- Nakele river
Habitat	"Forest edges, clearings, along streams and swamps. Prairie openings in forests.Males perch near ground… along wood edges or in clearings."
Non-Habitat	The female lays several eggs together on the underside of a foodplant leaf
Habitat	Virgin high prairie in Man.
Non-Habitat	Resident [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Open grassy areas, including meadows, sand barrens, hillsides."
Non-Habitat	Visitor [to the Carolinas]
Habitat	"Open tundra, rocky summits, saddles, and talus slopes.Males often perch along alpine ridges or rock slides."
Non-Habitat	May - June; single generation
Habitat	"Frequents moist, open fields and marsh edges."
Habitat	"Many open situations— fields, marshes, dunes, thorn scrub, gardens."
Habitat	0pen areas at or below trecline.
Non-Habitat	FWL: 16-19 mm
Habitat	Moist areas near shaded wood edges.
Habitat	"The thorn scrub of south Texas is dominated by Mesquite, but in the vicinity of the Rio Grande River contains a strong mixture of other tropical American shrubs and trees."
Habitat	Edges and openings in semideciduous tropical river forests.
Non-Habitat	This species frequents flowers.
Non-Habitat	"Distribution in Altai, Sayans and Tuva. Widespread"
Non-Habitat	The nominate subspecies occurs on Madagascar.
Habitat	Males perch on hilltops or in glades
Habitat	"Brushy old fields, clearings, pastures, headlands."
Non-Habitat	"Males are fast fliers compared to females, which fly like the Milkweed butterflies"
Non-Habitat	"Adults often feed from flowers, particularly those of Eucalyptus, Leptospermum, and Bursaria. "
Non-Habitat	May - July; single generation;  Larvae overwinter and complete development the following spring.;  This small woodland skipper has a singleearly summer flight.
Habitat	"Rocky canyons in oak-pine woodland, especially in  limestone formations.Adults perch on ground, often on rocks"
Habitat	woodland
Habitat	"Males of Pahaska Skipper perch on hilltopRocky Mt. foothills and prairiesFoothills with short-grass prairie, prairie hills, desert grassland, open pine forest."
Non-Habitat	Weak flier
Habitat	Arid chaparral.
Non-Habitat	Common
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	generally and locally rare
Non-Habitat	31-37 mm
Habitat	southeast wooded swamps near the coast
Non-Habitat	Eggs laid singly
Non-Habitat	"Weak flight, often gregarious."
Habitat	"Open disturbed situations, brushy fields, wood edges, gardens."
Non-Habitat	"Mountainous parts of Europe, West and Central Asia and Siberia."
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Semliki
Habitat	"Parks, roadsides, hedgerows."
Habitat	"Tropical forests, especially near stream courses."
Habitat	"Open, weedy fields in seasonal lowland tropics."
Habitat	[thrive in] vegetated sand hills
Non-Habitat	Uganda (National endemic)- Bugoma
Habitat	"Dry sandy or gravelly areas, usually near streambeds or alluvial washes."
Habitat	"Open scrubby areas, wood edges."
Habitat	"Weedy fields, pastures, open grassy areas along ditches and streams."
Habitat	Tropical scrub and seasonal forest.